name,rating,review,ctype,hq,old,employees,desc
TCS,3.9,(53.7k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 276 more",55 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"We ensure the highest levels of certainty and satisfaction through a deep-set commitment to our clients, comprehensive industry expertise and a global network of innovation and delivery centers.

We function as a full stakeholder to business, offering a consulting-led approach with an integrated portfolio of technology led solutions that encompass the entire Enterprise value chain. Our Customer-centric Engagement Model defines how we do engage with you, offering specialized services and solutions that meet the distinct needs of your business.

We build bespoke teams around your domain and technology requirements drawn from our talent pool of over 488,649 global professionals including 36.5% women from 154 nationalities. Our domain expertise has been built upon decades of experience working across industries and this knowledge underpins our suite of solutions.

Our organization structure is domain led and empowered to help provide Customers a single window to industry specific solutions. Agile industry units have embedded capabilities to enable rapid responses that provide a competitive edge to our Customers. This is coupled with a unique Global Network Delivery Model™ (GNDM™), spanning 40 global locations, that is today recognized as the benchmark of excellence in technology deployment.

We have made significant investments in Digital platforms and products spanning Technology Products, Horizontal Platforms and Products, Vertical Platforms and Products."
Accenture,4.1,(34k Reviews),Public,Dublin + 134 more,34 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud, and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology, and Operations services — all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. 

Our 674,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners, and communities. Visit us at accenture.com."
Cognizant,4.0,(31.3k Reviews),Private,Teaneck. New Jersey. + 103 more,29 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"At Cognizant, we give organizations the insights to anticipate what customers want and act instantly to deliver on those demands. So they can achieve the goal of every modern business: staying one step ahead of a fast-changing world."
ICICI Bank,4.0,(35.2k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 1077 more",29 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"ICICI Bank is a leading private sector bank in India. The Bank’s consolidated total assets stood at Rs. 14.76 trillion at September 30, 2020.  ICICI Bank currently has a network of 5,288 branches and 13,875 ATMs across India."
HDFC Bank,4.0,(41.5k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 1299 more",29 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"The Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited or HDFC was among the first financial institutions in India to receive an “in principle” approval from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to set up a bank in the private sector. This was done as part of RBI’s policy for the liberalization of the Indian banking industry in 1994.

HDFC Bank was incorporated in August 1994 in the name of HDFC Bank Limited, with its registered office in Mumbai, India. The bank commenced operations as a Scheduled Commercial Bank in January 1995. As of March 31, 2021, the Bank had a nationwide distribution network of 5,608 branches and 16,087 ATMs in 2,902 cities/towns."
Wipro,3.9,(30.6k Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 232 more",78 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is a leading global information technology, consulting, and business process services company.

We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics, and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful.

A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, a strong commitment to sustainability, and good corporate citizenship, we have over 243,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents.

Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and bold new future."
Infosys,3.9,(29.8k Reviews),Public,"Bengaluru/Bangalore,Karnataka + 128 more",42 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. Over 300,000 of our people work to amplify human potential and create the next opportunity for people, businesses, and communities. 

With over four decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer clients, in more than 50 countries, as they navigate their digital transformation powered by the cloud. 

We enable them with an AI-powered core, empower the business with agile digital at scale and drive continuous improvement with always-on learning through the transfer of digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem. We are deeply committed to being a well-governed, environmentally sustainable organization where diverse talent thrives in an inclusive workplace.

Our purpose is to amplify human potential and create the next opportunity for people, businesses, and communities."
Capgemini,3.9,(25.2k Reviews),Public,Paris + 79 more,56 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Capgemini is a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. 

The Group is guided everyday by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of over 350,000 team members in more than 50 countries. 

With its strong 55 year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fueled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms. 

The Group reported in 2021 global revenues of €18 billion.

Get the Future You Want |  www.capgemini.com/in-en"
Tech Mahindra,3.7,(22.7k Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 213 more",37 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Tech Mahindra offers innovative and customer-centric digital experiences, enabling enterprises, associates, and society to rise. We are a USD 5.1 billion organization with 141,100+ professionals across 90 countries helping 1123 global customers, including Fortune 500 companies. 

We are focused on leveraging next-generation technologies including 5G, Blockchain, Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, and more, to enable end-to-end digital transformation for global customers. Tech Mahindra is one of the fastest-growing brands and amongst the top 15 IT service providers globally. 

Tech Mahindra has consistently emerged as a leader in sustainability and is recognized amongst the ‘2021 Global 100 Most sustainable corporations in the World’ by Corporate Knights. With the NXT.NOW™ framework, Tech Mahindra aims to enhance ‘Human Centric Experience’ for our ecosystem and drive collaborative disruption with synergies arising from a robust portfolio of companies. 

Tech Mahindra aims at delivering tomorrow’s experiences today and believes that the ‘Future is Now.

We are part of the Mahindra Group, founded in 1945, one of the largest and most admired multinational federations of companies with 260,000 employees in over 100 countries. It enjoys a leadership position in farm equipment, utility vehicles, information technology, and financial services in India and is the world’s largest tractor company by volume. It has a strong presence in renewable energy, agriculture, logistics, hospitality, and real estate. 

The Mahindra Group has a clear focus on leading ESG globally, enabling rural prosperity and enhancing urban living, with a goal to drive positive change in the lives of communities and stakeholders to enable them to rise."
Genpact,4.0,(20.4k Reviews),Public,"New York,New York + 69 more",26 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Genpact (NYSE: G) is a global professional services firm delivering business outcomes that transform industries and shape the future. Fusing real-world expertise and collaborative innovation, we make businesses work better – breaking down boundaries, creating simplicity from complexity, and building ecosystems of impact. 

Guided by our experience reinventing and running thousands of processes for hundreds of companies, our Global Fortune 500 clients come to us for digital-led innovation and digitally-enabled operations that dig deep into data to turn insight into action. 

And we do it all with purpose. From New York to New Delhi and more than 30 countries in between, our 100,000+ team is passionate about our relentless pursuit of a world that works better for people.

Genpact began in 1997 as a business unit within General Electric. Then, in January 2005, we became an independent company, bringing our process expertise and unique DNA in Lean management to more companies. 

We became a publicly traded company in 2007. Since December 31, 2005, we have expanded from 19,000+ employees and annual revenues of $491.90 million to 100,000+ employees and annual revenues of $4.0 billion as of December 31, 2021."
HCLTech,3.8,(19.6k Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 141 more",32 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"HCLTech is a global technology company, home to 222,270+ people across 60 countries, delivering industry-leading capabilities centered around digital, engineering and cloud powered by a broad portfolio of technology services and products. We work with clients across all major verticals, providing industry solutions for Financial Services, Manufacturing, Life Sciences and Healthcare, Technology and Services, Telecom and Media, Retail and CPG, and Public Services.

Our purpose is to bring together the best of technology and our people to supercharge progress. We’re supercharging progress for everyone, everywhere – our clients, partners and their stakeholders, our people, communities, and the planet.

Part of the HCL group, HCLTech was listed on the stock exchanges in India at the turn of the millennium in December, 1999. Since our inception, we pioneered several industry mainstays and established leadership position in all our chosen segments.

As a company we are deeply focused on accelerating our ESG agenda. We are also creating technology-enabled sustainable solutions with and for our clients and partners. We embed ESG imperatives into every aspect of our business and ensure that the progress we supercharge is responsible, inclusive and beneficial to all our stakeholders in the long-term. We have committed to achieving net-zero by 2040.

We recognize the impact that a business like ours can deliver in elevating communities globally, and we continue to improve our efforts and take decisive actions that benefit communities in which we work and live. Through the HCL Foundation, the CSR arm of HCLTech, we have invested more than $130 million in social development efforts serving communities throughout India across education, health, water, sanitation and hygiene, skill development and livelihoods, environment, and disaster risk reduction, response and management.

We’re powered by our people – a global, diverse, multi-generational talent - representing 167 nationalities whose unique spark, perspective and boundless passion drive our culture of proactive value creation and problem-solving. 
 
Consolidated revenues as of 12 months ending December 31, 2022 totaled $12.3 billion. To learn how we can supercharge progress for you, visit hcltech.com."
Amazon,4.2,(20k Reviews),Public,"Seattle,Washington + 389 more",29 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. 

We are driven by the excitement of building technologies, inventing products, and providing services that change lives. We embrace new ways of doing things, make decisions quickly, and are not afraid to fail. We have the scope and capabilities of a large company and the spirit and heart of a small one. 

Together, Amazonians research and develop new technologies from Amazon Web Services to Alexa on behalf of our customers: shoppers, sellers, content creators, and developers around the world. 

Our mission is to be Earth's most customer-centric company. Our actions, goals, projects, programs, and inventions begin and end with the customer's top of mind. 

You'll also hear us say that at Amazon, it's always ""Day 1.""​ What do we mean? That our approach remains the same as it was on Amazon's very first day - to make smart, fast decisions, stay nimble, invent, and focus on delighting our customers."
Axis Bank,3.9,(19.5k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 1131 more",30 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Axis Bank is the third largest private sector bank in India. The Bank offers the entire spectrum of financial services to customer segments covering Large and Mid-Corporates, MSME, Agriculture and Retail Businesses.

The Bank has a large footprint of 4,050 domestic branches (including extension counters) with 11,801 ATMs & 4,917 cash recyclers spread across the country as on 31st March, 2019. The overseas operations of the Bank are spread over nine international offices with branches at Singapore, Hong Kong, Dubai (at the DIFC), Colombo and Shanghai; representative offices at Dhaka, Dubai, Abu Dhabi and an overseas subsidiary at London, UK. The international offices focus on corporate lending, trade finance, syndication, investment banking and liability businesses."
Concentrix Corpo...,4.0,(15.7k Reviews),Public,"Fremont,California + 72 more",40 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Concentrix is a technology-enabled global business services company specializing in customer engagement and improving business performance. We partner with ambitious, progressive executives around the world to future-proof their business and stay ahead of the competition and customer expectations.It’s all about tapping into sentiment and building an emotional connection that keeps customers and staff fanatical about your brand. That’s where we come in—we create exceptional customer engagement, accelerate digital transformation, and deliver actionable CX insights."
IBM,4.2,(15.9k Reviews),Public,"Armonk,New York + 122 more",112 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"IBMers believe in progress—that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition

IBM has developed a thoughtful, comprehensive approach to corporate citizenship that we believe aligns with IBM’s values and maximised the impact we can make as a global enterprise. We focus on specific societal issues, including the environment, community economic development, education and skills, public health, literacy, language and culture.

The mission of India CSR is to foster life-long learning opportunities across India through streamlined initiatives that cut pathways across education [access], skills/employability [inclusion], and employment [equity and quality].

IBM’s greatest asset is the IBMer. We believe our strength lies in the diversity of our employees. IBM encourages creative pursuits and passions outside of work, because when IBMers can explore their curiosity, it gives all of us a new outlook on the world and its possibilities for emerging tech. Together, IBM can drive progress through meaningful innovation and action.

The new generation of hybrid cloud enables you to build once, deploy anywhere and manage it all from a single pane of glass. So your business can adapt and transform like never before."
Reliance Jio,4.0,(15.5k Reviews),Public,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 1025 more",16 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Jio is a young and dynamic organization with a mission to digitally transform India. We believe in making dreams a reality by bringing out creativity and innovation in our employees. We have a host of initiatives through which we care for our employees throughout their life at Jio. 

Given ahead are our philosophies behind building a working environment that supports our employees in achieving the impossible every day."
Larsen & Toubro ...,4.1,(25.2k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 537 more",77 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Larsen & Toubro is an Indian multinational engaged in EPC Projects, Hi-Tech Manufacturing and Services. It operates in over 50 countries worldwide. A strong, customer-focused approach and the constant quest for top-class quality have enabled L&T to attain and sustain leadership in its major lines of business for over eight decades.

We are engaged in core, high impact sectors of the economy and our integrated capabilities span the entire spectrum of ‘design to delivery’.

Every aspect of L&T's businesses is characterised by professionalism and high standards of corporate governance. Sustainability is embedded into our long-term strategy for growth.

The Company’s manufacturing footprint extends across eight countries in addition to India. L&T has several international offices and a supply chain that extends around the globe."
HDB Financial Se...,4.0,(14k Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 814 more",16 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"HDB Financial Services (HDBFS) is a leading Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC) that caters to the growing needs of an Aspirational India, serving both Individual & Business Clients.

Incorporated in 2007, we are a well-established business with strong capitalization. HDBFS is accredited with CARE AAA & CRISIL AAA ratings for its long-term debt & Bank facilities and an A1+ rating for its short-term debt & commercial papers, making it a strong and reliable financial institution.

HDBFS maintains a strong commitment to ethical conduct. Transparency is ingrained in the structure of our Code of Ethics and our compliance policies to ensure that the highest standards of professional conduct are consistently reinforced and embedded in every corner of the organisation."
Vodafone Idea,4.2,(13.5k Reviews),Public,"Gandhinagar,Gujrat + 578 more",5 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Vodafone Idea Limited is an Aditya Birla Group and Vodafone Group partnership. It is India’s leading telecom service provider. The Company provides pan India Voice and Data services across 2G, 3G and 4G platform. With the large spectrum portfolio to support the growing demand for data and voice, the company is committed to deliver delightful customer experiences and contribute towards creating a truly ‘Digital India’ by enabling millions of citizens to connect and build a better tomorrow. The Company is developing infrastructure to introduce newer and smarter technologies, making both retail and enterprise customers future ready with innovative offerings, conveniently accessible through an ecosystem of digital channels as well as extensive on-ground presence. The Company is listed on National Stock Exchange (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) in India."
Teleperformance,3.6,(15.1k Reviews),Private,Paris + 122 more,45 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Teleperformance is the agile business services partner that companies need in this digital world.
For over 40 years, Teleperformance has been connecting customers with the world’s most successful companies. It is the global leader in customer experience outsourcing management and the trusted provider of digitally integrated business services.
At Teleperformance, we combine human touch and high technology to deliver extraordinary customer experiences. While technology creates new and agile ways of working, our interaction experts remain committed to creating unique connections through empathy, adaptive communication skills, and more importantly, a passion to make it happen."
Reliance Retail,4.1,(18k Reviews),Private,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 744 more",17 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Reliance Retail is India's largest, fastest-growing, and most profitable retailer with a diversified Omni-channel presence via integrated store concepts, and digital and new commerce platforms. We provide consumers with an outstanding value proposition, superior quality products, and an unmatched shopping experience.

Founded in 2006 with a view to revolutionizing retail in India, we have, over the years, developed and perfected our capabilities across people, processes, and technology to meet our end objectives of creating a win-win proposition for our stakeholders across the value chain viz. Customers, Manufacturers/Farmers, Merchants, and Brand Partners as well as enhancing financial income and job security for tens of millions of Indians.

Today, Reliance Retail serves a loyal customer base of more than 193 million across the country, catering to daily and occasional needs across the major consumption baskets of Consumer Electronics, Fashion & Lifestyle, Grocery, Pharma, and Connectivity. We operate the largest store network in the country with 15,000+ stores, spread over 42 million square feet of retail space, and present across 7,000+ cities. Our Omni-enabled store networks and extensive portfolio of digital commerce platforms bolstered by a strong supply chain and technology infrastructure, and supported by a well-trained workforce enable us to provide customer service par excellence.

We continue to build our capabilities through organic growth, acquisitions, partnerships, and strategic investments to strengthen our competencies and bolster our product offerings. Our strong own brand portfolio is complemented by an equally strong brand partner portfolio, as Reliance Retail continues to be the partner of choice for leading national and international brands.

Reliance Retail’s New Commerce initiative designed to boost the digital ecosystem for millions of partner merchants and MSMEs has enabled lakhs of small merchants to connect with a huge consumer base and embodies our commitment to bettering lives and creating value for the entire ecosystem."
Kotak Mahindra B...,3.9,(14.1k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 484 more",20 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"In February 2003, Kotak Mahindra Finance Ltd. (KMFL), the Group's flagship company, received banking license from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), becoming the first non-banking finance company in India to convert into a bank - Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd.
Effective April 1, 2015, ING Vysya Bank Ltd. merged with Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd. 
The Bank has four Strategic Business Units – Consumer Banking, Corporate Banking, Commercial Banking and Treasury, which cater to retail and corporate customers across urban and rural India.

The Group offers a wide range of financial services that encompass every sphere of life. From commercial banking, to stock broking, mutual funds, life insurance and investment banking, the Group caters to the diverse financial needs of individuals and the corporate sector. The Group has a wide distribution network through branches and franchisees across India, and international offices in London, New York, California, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Bahrain, Mauritius and Singapore."
Deloitte,4.1,(10.9k Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 132 more",178 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Deloitte drives progress. Our firms around the world help clients become leaders wherever they choose to compete. Deloitte invests in outstanding people of diverse talents and backgrounds and empowers them to achieve more than they could elsewhere. Our work combines advice with action and integrity. We believe that when our clients and society are stronger, so are we. 

Deloitte refers to one or more of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited (“DTTL”), its global network of member firms, and their related entities. DTTL (also referred to as “Deloitte Global”) and each of its member firms are legally separate and independent entities. DTTL does not provide services to clients."
Reliance Industr...,4.1,(47.3k Reviews),Public,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 525 more",50 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Our motto “Growth is Life” aptly captures the ever-evolving spirit of Reliance. We have evolved from being a textiles and polyester company to an integrated player across energy, materials, retail, entertainment, and digital services. In each of these areas, we are committed to innovation-led, exponential growth. Our vision has pushed us to achieve global leadership in many of our businesses.

Reliance's products and services portfolio touch almost all Indians on a daily basis, across economic and social spectrums. We are now focused on building platforms that will herald the Fourth Industrial Revolution and will create opportunities and avenues for India and all its citizens to realize their true potential."
Bharti Airtel,4.1,(12.8k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 542 more",28 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Bharti Airtel Limited is a leading global telecommunications company with operations in 18 countries across Asia and Africa. Headquartered in New Delhi, India, the company ranks amongst the top 3 mobile service providers globally in terms of subscribers. 

In India, the company's product offerings include 2G, 3G and 4G wireless services, mobile commerce, fixed line services, high-speed home broadband, DTH, and enterprise services including national & international long-distance services to carriers. In the rest of the geographies, it offers 2G, 3G, and 4G wireless services and mobile commerce. 

Bharti Airtel had over 403 million customers across its operations at the end of March 2019."
BYJU'S,3.4,(14.2k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 265 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"BYJU'S is the world's most valuable ed-tech company and the creator of India's most loved school learning app. Launched in 2015, BYJU'S offers highly personalised and effective learning programs for classes 1 - 12 (K-12), and aspirants of competitive exams like JEE, IAS etc. With 50 million registered students and 3.5 million paid subscriptions, BYJU'S has become one of the most preferred education platforms across the globe."
Tata Motors,4.1,(12.4k Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 395 more",78 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Tata Motors Group (Tata Motors) is a $34 billion organization. It is a leading global automobile manufacturing company. Its diverse portfolio includes an extensive range of cars, sports utility vehicles, trucks, buses, and defence vehicles. 

Tata Motors is one of India's largest OEMs offering an extensive range of integrated, smart, and e-mobility solutions. Part of the USD110 billion Tata group founded by Jamsetji Tata in 1868, Tata Motors is among the world’s leading manufacturers of automobiles. 

We believe in ‘Connecting aspirations’, by offering innovative mobility solutions that are in line with customers' aspirations. We are India's largest automobile manufacturer, and we continue to take the lead in shaping the Indian commercial vehicle landscape, with the introduction of leading-edge powertrains and electric solutions packaged for power performances and user comfort at the lowest life-cycle costs. 

Our new passenger cars and utility vehicles are based on Impact Design and offer a superior blend of performance, driveability, and connectivity.

Our focus on connecting aspirations and our pipeline of tech-enabled products keeps us at the forefront of the market. We have identified six key mobility drivers that will lead us into the future – modular architecture, complexity reduction in manufacturing, connected & autonomous vehicles, clean drivelines, shared mobility, and low total cost of ownership. 

Our sub-brand TAMO is an incubating centre of innovation that will spark new mobility solutions through new technologies, business models, and partnerships."
Flipkart,4.2,(12.7k Reviews),Public,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 467 more",16 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"The Flipkart Group is one of India’s leading digital commerce entities and includes group companies Flipkart, Myntra, and Jabong. Launched in 2007, Flipkart has enabled millions of consumers, sellers, merchants and small businesses to be a part of India’s e-commerce revolution. With a registered customer base of over 100 million, offering over 80 million products across 80+ categories, Flipkart is known for pioneering services such as Cash on Delivery, No Cost EMI and easy returns – customer-centric innovations that have made online shopping more accessible and affordable for millions of Indians. Together with Myntra and Jabong, which hold prominent positions in the online fashion market, the Flipkart Group has steered the transformation of commerce in India through technology."
WNS,3.7,(7.3k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",27 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"WNS Limited is a leading Business Process Management (BPM) company. WNS combines deep industry knowledge with technology, analytics, and process expertise to co-create innovative, digitally-led transformational solutions with over 375 clients across various industries. 
WNS delivers an entire spectrum of BPM solutions including industry-specific offerings, customer experience services, finance and accounting, human resources, procurement, and research and analytics to re-imagine the digital future of businesses. As of December 31, 2021, WNS had 49,610 professionals across 55 delivery centers worldwide including facilities in China, Costa Rica, India, the Philippines, Poland, Romania, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Turkey, the United Kingdom, and the United States."
IndusInd Bank,3.8,(7k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 581 more",29 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"IndusInd Bank is a Mumbai based scheduled private bank founded in Mumbai in April 1994. This bank offers a wide range of banking as well as financial products and services to the customers and is headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra. The bank has over 745 branches with a total network of over 1635 operating ATMs. It has two representative offices outside India in London and Dubai respectively.
IndusInd Bank stands tall today as one of the reputed banking brands in the country. The bank has been continuously investing in various advertising & marketing programs to enhance the brand image & recall. In an endeavor to emerge as best-in-class brand, IndusInd Bank has made 'Responsive Innovation' as a central theme of its brand building program. The Bank has combined responsiveness with innovation to launch a wide range of banking products and services which are unique, convenient and very relevant to Indian consumer."
Mahindra & Mahin...,4.2,(8.8k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 425 more",78 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"A federation of companies, bound by one purpose – to Rise. Inspired by this spirit, our legacy, and values, our goal to always positively impact our partners, stakeholders, communities, and the world at large, remains unshakeable.

What began as a steel-trading venture seven decades ago, steadily turned into a global brand, spanning nations and industries. This is a story with an upward curve, narrating how an Indian company paved its way to become a global powerhouse. We have come a long way since 1945 and as we accelerate into the 21st century, we aim at achieving even more."
Ernst & Young,3.8,(6.8k Reviews),Private,London + 75 more,34 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"At EY, our purpose is Building a better working world. The insights and quality services we provide help build trust and confidence in the capital markets and in economies the world over. We develop outstanding leaders who team to deliver on our promises to all of our stakeholders. In so doing, we play a critical role in building a better working world for our people, for our clients and for our communities.

In a world that’s changing faster than ever, our purpose acts as our ‘North Star’ guiding our more than 280,000 people — providing the context and meaning for the work we do every day. We help digital pioneers fight data piracy; guide governments through cash-flow crises; unlock new medical treatments with data analytics; and pursue high quality audits to build trust in financial markets and business. In other words, working with entrepreneurs, companies, and entire countries to solve their most pressing challenges."
DXC Technology,3.9,(7.3k Reviews),Public,"Minato,Tokyo + 56 more",6 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We deliver the mission critical IT services that move the world.

DXC Technology is a Fortune 500 global IT services leader. Our more than 130,000 people in 70-plus countries are entrusted by our customers to deliver what matters most. We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services across the Enterprise Technology Stack to drive business impact. DXC is an employer of choice with strong values, and fosters a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship. We are DXC.

What we do
We deliver the IT services our customers need to modernize operations and drive innovation across their entire IT estate.

We provide services across the Enterprise Technology Stack for business process outsourcing, analytics and engineering, applications, security, cloud, IT outsourcing and modern workplace.

How we work
Every day, we earn our customers’ trust by delivering transformative technologies to ensure the success, safety and well-being of businesses and people worldwide.

We provide world-class IT services at scale from our Global Innovation and Delivery Centers in North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Our globally connected centers enable us to solve complex technology challenges and transform our customers’ businesses through our dedicated delivery workforce of more than 110,000 people. With globally distributed teams and rich engineering skills, DXC offers competitive solutions to address customers’ cost, regulatory, language and business continuity requirements.

We leverage the power of partnerships through our curated DXC ecosystem of technology leaders. By combining strengths and expertise globally, we create solutions and deliver greater outcomes for customers across the Enterprise Technology Stack.

Our values
Our values are the fabric of DXC. They bind us together regardless of where or how we work and position us to succeed on our transformation journey.

Join our team
We inspire and take care of our people. We work to create a culture of learning, diversity and inclusion and are dedicated to strong ethics and corporate citizenship. In each of the three regions where we work — Americas; Europe, Middle East and Africa; and Asia Pacific — we’re singularly focused on delivering excellence for our customers.

DXC is where brilliant people embrace change and seize opportunities to advance their careers and amplify customer success."
Infosys BPM,3.9,(6.1k Reviews),"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 49 more",21 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"Infosys BPM, the business process management subsidiary of Infosys (NYSE: INFY), provides end-to-end transformative services for its clients across the globe. The company’s integrated IT and BPM solutions approach enables it to unlock business value across industries and service lines, and address business challenges for its clients. Utilizing innovative business excellence frameworks, ongoing productivity improvements, process reengineering, automation, and cutting-edge technology platforms, Infosys BPM enables its clients to achieve their cost reduction objectives, improve process efficiencies, enhance effectiveness, and deliver superior customer experience.
Infosys BPM has 32 delivery centers in 16 countries spread across 5 continents, with 43,111 employees from 100+ nationalities, as of December 2019.
The company has been consistently ranked among the leading BPM companies globally and has received over 60 awards and recognitions in the last 5 years, from key industry bodies and associations like the Outsourcing Center, SSON, and GSA, among others. Infosys BPM also has very robust people practices, as substantiated by the various HR-specific awards it has won over the years. The company has consistently been ranked among the top employers of choice, on the basis of its industry-leading HR best practices. The company’s senior leaders contribute widely to industry forums as BPM strategists."
Maruti Suzuki,4.2,(6.1k Reviews),Public,"New Delhi,Delhi + 381 more",40 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Cars are what Maruti Suzuki builds. Experiences are what it creates.

Experiences fuelled by innovations, forward thinking, and a commitment to bring the very best to Indian roads. From the day the iconic Maruti 800 was launched in 1983, the company has been spearheading a revolution of change. Turning an entire country’s need for driving, into its love for driving.

However, tastes and demands keep on evolving with each new generation of Indians. This has not been looked at by Maruti Suzuki as a challenge, but as an inspiration to go beyond traditional boundaries of car-making. Infusing design and technology is one such step it has taken to make its cars meet new age expectations smoothly.

Today, Maruti Suzuki has its eyes set firmly on the possibilities of tomorrow. And everybody is invited on this journey."
Hinduja Global S...,4.0,(6.2k Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 77 more",23 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"A global leader in optimizing the customer experience lifecycle, digital transformation, and business process management, HGS is helping its clients become more competitive every day. HGS combines automation, analytics, and artificial intelligence with deep domain expertise focusing on digital customer experiences, back-office processing, contact centers, and HRO solutions. Part of the multi-billion-dollar conglomerate Hinduja Group, HGS takes a “globally local” approach.  HGS has over 21,600 employees across 38 delivery centers in six countries, making a difference to some of the world’s leading brands across verticals. For the year ended March 31, 2022, HGS had revenues of Rs. 32,636.9 million (US$ 439 million).  

Visit https://hgs.cx to learn how HGS transforms customer experiences and builds businesses for the future."
IDFC FIRST Bank,4.0,(5.7k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 440 more",5 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"IDFC FIRST Bank was founded by the merger of IDFC Bank and Capital first in December 2018. IDFC FIRST Bank provides a range of financial solutions to individuals, small businesses, and corporates. The Bank offers savings and current accounts, NRI accounts, salary accounts, Demat accounts, fixed and recurring deposits, home and personal loans, small business loans, forex products, payment solutions, and wealth management services. IDFC FIRST Bank has a nationwide presence and operates in Retail Banking, Wholesale Banking, and other banking segments. Customers can choose where and how they want to bank: 599 branches across India with 727 ATMs, 25000+ employees, and growing. IDFC FIRST Bank has business correspondent centres across India with net banking services, mobile banking applications, and 24/7 toll-free Banker-on-Call service for our customers."
Bajaj Finserv,4.0,(5.5k Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 707 more",16 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Bajaj Finserv was formed in April 2007 as a result of its demerger from Bajaj Auto Limited to further the Group’s interests in financial services. This demerger enabled Bajaj Finserv to independently run the core businesses of Lending, Protection and savings. Bajaj Finserv Limited is the holding company for the businesses dealing with financial services of the Bajaj Group. It serves millions of customers in the financial services space by providing solutions for asset acquisition through financing, asset protection through general insurance, family protection and income protection in the form of life and health insurance and retirement and savings solutions"
HSBC,4.1,(6k Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 53 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"HSBC, officially known as The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, is a wholly owned subsidiary of HSBC, the largest bank in Hong Kong, and operates branches and offices throughout the Asia Pacific region, and in other countries around the world"
Ericsson,4.3,(5.6k Reviews),Private,"Stockholm,Stockholm County + 133 more",147 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Ericsson is one of the leading providers of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) to service providers. We enable the full value of connectivity by creating game-changing technology and services that are easy to use, adopt, and scale, making our customers successful in a fully connected world."
Conneqt Business...,3.7,(5.3k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 168 more",21 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Established in 2004, Conneqt Business Solutions Ltd. (formerly Tata Business Support Services Ltd) headquartered in Hyderabad, is a subsidiary of Quess Corp (BSE: 539978, NSE: QUESS), India’s leading business services provider.  Throughout our journey, top industry analysts such as Gartner, Nelson Hall and Dun & Bradstreet have ranked us amongst the top Customer Lifecycle Management and Business Process Management service providers in India and the Middle East.

We are committed to provide world-class customer experience with our dedicated team of over 32,000+ employees located across 26 delivery centres. We’re constantly refining our technologies and developing ideas to better serve our 120 clients in 24 Indian and 12 International languages in over 600 + locations across PAN India through our unique ‘Feet on Street’ offering. We have created a customer-centric collaborative ecosystem of people, platforms, processes and partners to align strategically with your business goals. We help elevate your organization with the power of our in-house domain expertise, cutting-edge technology, and analytics.

Besides Customer Lifecycle Management and Business Process Management services, Conneqt also provides Finance and Accounting (FAO), HR Shared Services (HRSS) and Middle and Back Office Services. The company uses its innovative DiB (Digital-in a-Box) framework to help clients rapidly develop digital services that are market ready. Conneqt is also investing in automation and analytics capabilities and geographical expansion into US, Middle East and APAC."
Mphasis,3.7,(5.1k Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 38 more",25 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Mphasis applies next-generation technology to help enterprises transform businesses globally. Customer centricity is foundational to Mphasis and is reflected in the Mphasis’ Front2Back™ Transformation approach. Front2Back™ uses the exponential power of cloud and cognitive to provide hyper-personalized (C=X2C2 TM=1) digital experience to clients and their end customers. Mphasis’ Service Transformation approach helps ‘shrink the core’ through the application of digital technologies across legacy environments within an enterprise, enabling businesses to stay ahead in a changing world. Mphasis’ core reference architectures and tools, speed and innovation with domain expertise and specialization are key to building strong relationships with marquee clients."
Startek,3.3,(5k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 51 more",6 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"For more than 25 years we’ve held an organization-wide conviction, that it’s our job to be the front line promoting and protecting your brand. Some of the world’s most prominent industry leaders, from telecommunication giants to technology power houses entrust STARTEK to uphold their reputations and to safe-guard their hard-won customers.

We work around the clock, around the world, and with great determination to ensure every customer interaction is one that authentically matters. It’s on this front line, in the moments of direct, person-to-person engagement, where the battle for customer loyalty lives or dies, and why we take our responsibility so seriously.

Every one of our centers has a program dedicated to improving and supporting the communities they are a part of through direct involvement and volunteerism. While we know paying it forward feels great, it also just makes good business sense. We’ve seen first hand what third party studies reinforce all the time — that engaged employees who have a sense of belonging, also have less absenteeism, lower turnover and are more profitable.

In addition to taking care of the communities our sites are in, STARTEK prides itself in taking care of one another during times of hardship as well. In 2014, STARTEK launched WIN (Warriors In Need), a foundation intended to provide basic necessities and temporary relief to any STARTEK employee as result of disaster or extraordinary life events.

The program was conceived by employees, for employees, and is primarily funded by STARTEK employee contributions to help one another in times of great need. The program is in its infancy, but has already proven to be an essential resource for facing a critical crisis."
Dr. Reddy's,4.2,(5k Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 136 more",37 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Ask any of the 20,000 employees at Dr. Reddy’s why they come to work every day, and you are bound to hear, because ‘Good Health Can’t Wait.’ These simple words describe the deep-rooted belief that drives us. Sometimes, the simplest words describe the most profound truths.

'Good Health’ is always our goal. We see medicines not just as molecules, but as means to help patients regain their health. As a leader in the pharmaceutical industry, we realize our unique role; we have the ethical and moral imperative to ensure good health can be delivered to those who need it, and to promote wellness among them.

'Can't Wait’ reflects our commitment to act with speed to find innovative solutions that address the unmet needs of patients, and to accelerate access to much-needed medicines for people around the world."
Sutherland Globa...,3.8,(5.2k Reviews),Private,"Pittsford,New York + 41 more",37 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We make digital 𝐡𝐮𝐦𝐚𝐧™ by combining human-centered design with real-time Analytics, AI, Cognitive Technology & Automation to create exceptionally engineered Brand Experiences! 

Sutherland is an experience-led digital transformation company. Our mission is to deliver exceptionally engineered experiences for customers and employees today, that continue to delight tomorrow. 
For over 35 years, we have cared for our customers’ customers, delivering measurable results and accelerating growth. Our proprietary, AI-based products and platforms are built using robust IP and automation. 

We are a team of global professionals, operationally effective, culturally meshed, and committed to our clients and to one another. 
We call it One Sutherland. #MakeDigitalHuman"
Udaan,4.0,(4.8k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 329 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Udaan is a network-centric B2B trade platform, designed specifically for small & medium businesses in India. It brings traders, wholesalers, retailers, manufacturers, and brands in India onto a single platform. With real insights into active trends and great B2B trade features, udaan brings to them the power of technology to scale & nurture their business.

The easy-to-use app gives you the power to:
- DISCOVER customers, suppliers & products across numerous categories
- BUY & SELL on your terms – with secure payments & smooth logistics
- GROW your network through repeats & relationships with like-minded parties"
Cipla Pharmaceut...,4.1,(4.9k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 191 more",88 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"At Cipla, we constantly work towards ensuring access to high quality and affordable medicines to support patients in need. Which is why, we have been trusted by health care professionals and patients across geographies for the last 8 decades.
Cipla, as an organisation has been built brick-by-brick on the foundation of care. Caring For Life has always been and continues to remain, our guiding purpose. Driven by the same purpose, we have extended our presence to 80+ countries providing over 1,500 products across various therapeutic categories in 50+ dosage forms. To make healthcare more affordable globally, we are deepening our presence in the key markets of India, South Africa, the U.S. among other economies of the emerging world."
Yes Bank,4.0,(4.8k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 376 more",19 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"YES BANK, India’s fourth largest private sector bank is a high quality, customer centric and service driven Bank. Since inception in 2004, YES BANK has grown into a ‘Full Service Commercial Bank’ providing a complete range of products, services and technology driven digital offerings, catering to corporate, MSME & retail customers. YES BANK operates its Investment banking, Merchant banking & Brokerage businesses through YES SECURITIES and its Mutual Fund business through YES Asset Management (India) Limited, both wholly owned subsidiaries of the Bank. Headquartered in Mumbai, it has a pan-India presence across all 28 states and 9 Union Territories in India including an IBU at GIFT City, and a Representative Office in Abu Dhabi."
Asian Paints,4.2,(4.9k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 353 more",81 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"The company has come a long way since its small beginning in 1942. Four friends who were willing to take on the world's biggest, most famous paint companies operating in India at that time set it up as a partnership firm. Over the course of 25 years, Asian Paints became a corporate force and India's leading paints company. Driven by its strong consumer-focus and innovative spirit, the company has been the market leader in paints since 1967.

Asian Paints is India’s leading paint company with a group turnover of Rs 202.1 billion. The group has an enviable reputation in the corporate world for professionalism, fast track growth, and building shareholder equity. Asian Paints operates in 15 countries and has 26 paint manufacturing facilities in the world servicing consumers in over 60 countries. Besides Asian Paints, the group operates around the world through its subsidiaries  Asian Paints Berger, Apco Coatings, SCIB Paints, Taubmans, Causeway Paints and Kadisco Asian Paints.

Asian Paints manufactures wide range of paints for Decorative and Industrial use. 

In Decorative paints, Asian Paints is present in all the four segments v.i.z Interior Wall Finishes, Exterior Wall Finishes, Enamels and Wood Finishes.  It also offers Water proofing,  wall coverings and adhesives in its product portfolio.

In the Industrial coatings space, Asian Paints operates through two 50:50 joint ventures with PPG Inc, USA.,  one of the largest automotive coatings manufacturer in the world.  The first Joint Venture  ‘PPG Asian Paints Pvt Ltd’  services the increasing requirements of the Indian automotive coatings market. The second JV  ‘Asian Paints PPG Pvt Ltd’ services the protective, industrial powder, industrial containers and light industrial coatings markets in India.

Vertical integration has seen Asian Paints diversify into chemical products such as Phthalic Anhydride and Pentaerythritol, which are used in the paint manufacturing process.  The company has discontinued production of Phthalic Anhydride from end of July 2017.

In the Home Improvement and Décor category, the company is present in the Kitchen and Bath fittings space and offers various products under Sleek and Ess Ess brand respectively."
HDFC Life,4.2,(4.6k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 429 more",1 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited (Formerly HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company Limited) ('HDFC Life' / ‘Company’) is a joint venture between HDFC Ltd., one of India’s leading housing finance institution and Standard Life Aberdeen, a global investment company.

Established in 2000, HDFC Life is a leading long-term life insurance solutions provider in India, offering a range of individual and group insurance solutions that meet various customer needs such as Protection, Pension, Savings, Investment and Health. As on March 31, 2019 the Company had 38 individual and 11 group products in its portfolio, along with 8 optional rider benefits, catering to a diverse range of customer needs.

HDFC Life continues to benefit from its presence across the country with 412 branches and additional distribution touchpoints through several partnerships.  The partnerships comprise 265 bancassurance partners including NBFCs (Non-Banking Financial Companies), MFIs (Micro Finance Institutions), SFBs (Small Finance Banks), etc. and 39 partnerships within non-traditional ecosystems. The Company is also strengthened by a strong base of financial consultants.

In Fiscal 2012, The Company established a wholly-owned subsidiary, HDFC Pension Management Company Ltd., to operate its pension fund business under the National Pension Scheme (NPS). And in Fiscal 2016, the Company established its first international wholly-owned subsidiary in the UAE, HDFC International Life and Re Company Ltd., to operate its reinsurance business"
Jana Small Finan...,3.9,(4.6k Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 317 more",17 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Jana Small Finance Bank is a Scheduled Commercial Bank. Established in Bengaluru in 2008, it has been recognized globally as one of the most innovative financial institutions working on financial inclusion.

As on September 30, 2019, the Bank’s distribution network was at 270 banking outlets (including 25 business correspondence outlets), 298 asset centres and 120 ATMs. Of the total banking outlets, 43% are in semi-urban and rural areas. Number of employees were at 14,452 as of Sep 30, 2019."
iEnergizer,4.2,(4.5k Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 15 more",23 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"A conglomerate of some of the most sought-after solutions in the digital landscape, we are a global provider of an array of tech solutions that can help you reimagine the scope of your business. 

Keeping in mind the big picture, we thrive on digitally transforming businesses through a comprehensive suite of Customer Management and Custom Content Development Services, helping you to reap increased profits through cost-effective, value-rich customer contacts and transformation solutions.

Founded in the year 2000, we believe in business process excellence. So, it’s a no-brainer that, we believe in quality over quantity. Developing and transforming customer data that serves the entire customer lifecycle is our niche and we take pride in bringing you unparalleled expertise through our team of 17,000+ professionals across 9 delivery centers, worldwide. We focus primarily on Customer Experience (CX) which is why our staff and customer retention rates are among the highest in the industry."
NTT DATA,4.0,(4.8k Reviews),Private,"Chiyoda City,Tokyo + 42 more",35 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"NTT DATA is your Innovation Partner anywhere around the world. Headquartered in Tokyo, with business operations in more than 50 countries and regions, we emphasize long-term commitment and combine global reach and local intimacy to provide premier professional services from consulting, system development to business IT outsourcing.
Since 1967, NTT DATA has played an instrumental role in establishing and advancing IT infrastructure. Originally part of Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corporation, its heritage contributed to social benefits with a quality-first mindset. A public company since 1995, the company builds on this proven track record of innovation by providing novel IT solutions to bring results in a greater quality of life for people, communities, and societies around the world."
ICICI Prudential...,4.1,(4.5k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 406 more",23 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited (ICICI Prudential Life) is promoted by ICICI Bank Limited and Prudential Corporation Holdings Limited.

ICICI Prudential Life began its operations in the fiscal year 2001. On a retail weighted received premium basis (RWRP), it has consistently been amongst the top companies in the Indian life insurance sector. Our Assets Under Management (AUM) on 31st March 2022 were `2,404.92 billion.

At ICICI Prudential Life, we operate on the core philosophy of customer-centricity. We offer long-term savings and protection products to meet the different life stage requirements of our customers."
PwC,3.8,(4.5k Reviews),Partnership,London + 66 more,25 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"With offices in 158 countries and more than 250,000 people, we are among the leading professional services networks in the world. We help organizations and individuals create the value they’re looking for, by delivering quality in assurance, tax and advisory services. Some facts about PwC:

-In FY18, PwC firms provided services to 429 of the Global Fortune 500 companies and more than 100,000 entrepreneurial and private businesses
-64,766 people joined PwC firms around the world in FY18
-For the year ending 30 June 2018, PwC’s gross revenues were US$41.3 billion, up 7% from the previous year"
Lupin,4.1,(4.5k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 135 more",55 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Lupin is a global pharmaceutical company offering a wide range of products such as Branded & Generic Formulations, Biotechnology Products, Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) and Specialty. Lupin is a significant player in the therapy areas of Gynaecology, Cardiovascular, Diabetology, Asthma, Paediatric, Central Nervous System (CNS), Gastro Intestinal (GI), Anti-Infective (AI) and Non-Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs (NSAIDs). Lupin also holds a global leadership position in the Anti-TB and Cephalosporins segments. With a presence in over 100 countries, Lupin offers high-quality yet affordable medicines for some of the most chronic diseases addressing unmet needs in many parts of the world."
HCL Group,3.8,(25.5k Reviews),Chennai + 70 more,47 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),N/A,"Established in 1976 as one of India’s original IT garage start-ups, HCL is a pioneer of modern computing with many firsts to its credit, including the introduction of the 8-bit microprocessor-based computer in 1978 well before its global peers.

Today, the HCL enterprise has a presence across varied sectors that include technology, healthcare and talent management solutions and comprises three companies – HCL Infosystems, HCL Technologies and HCL Healthcare. The enterprise generates annual revenues of over US $11.8 Billion global technology firm with over 211,000 professionals operating from 52 countries.

HCL is proud of its long, exciting journey where it has played a role at almost every inflection point in the IT industry. It is also confident of scaling greater heights as it moves into the future.

Over the years, HCL has conscientiously set high business standards by way of providing sustainable, world-class products, solutions and services; a feat that has helped the organization touch the lives of millions with possibilities."
EXL Service,3.9,(5.5k Reviews),Private,"New York City,New York + 32 more",24 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We make sense of data and drive your business forward

Choosing a digital partner is about more than capabilities — it’s about collaboration and character.

Unrealistic overhauls and off-the-shelf products ignore what matters most — your unique needs, culture, goals, and your legacy data and technology environments.

At EXL, our collaboration is built on ongoing listening and learning to adapt our methodologies. We’re your business evolution partner—tailoring solutions that make the most of data to make better business decisions and drive more intelligence into your increasingly digital operations.

Whether your goals are scaling the use of AI and digital, redesigning operating models, or driving better and faster decisions, we’re here to partner with you to help you gain—and maintain—competitive advantage with efficient, sustainable models at scale.

Our expertise in transformation, data science, and change management helps make your business more efficient and effective, improve customer relationships and enhance revenue growth. Instead of focusing on multi-year, resource- and time-intensive platform designs or migrations, we look deeper at your entire value chain to integrate strategies with impact."
Indian Army,4.7,(4.2k Reviews),Public,"New Delhi,Delhi + 274 more",128 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"The principal task of the Ministry is to frame policy directions on defence and security related matters and communicate them for implementation to the Services Headquarters, Inter-Service Organisations, Production Establishments and Research & Development Organisations. It is required to ensure effective implementation of the Government's policy directions and the execution of approved programmes within the allocated resources."
L&T Infotech,3.8,(4.2k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 67 more",27 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"LTI (NSE: LTI) is a global technology consulting and digital solutions company helping more than 300 clients succeed in a converging world. With operations in 30 countries, we go the extra mile for our clients and accelerate their digital transformation with LTI’s Mosaic platform enabling their mobile, social, analytics, IoT and cloud journeys.
Founded 20 years ago as the information technology arm of the Larsen & Toubro group, our unique heritage gives us unrivaled real-world expertise to solve the most complex challenges of enterprises across all industries.
Each day, our team of more than 28,000 LTItes enable our clients to improve the effectiveness of their business and technology operations, and deliver value to their customers, employees and shareholders."
UltraTech Cement,4.2,(4.8k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 354 more",40 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"UltraTech Cement Ltd is the largest manufacturer of grey cement, ready mix concrete (RMC) and white cement in India. It is also one of the leading cement producers globally, and the only cement company globally (outside of China) to have more than 100 million tonne capacity in one country.It has a consolidated capacity* of 117.35 Million Tonnes Per Annum (MTPA) of grey cement. UltraTech Cement has 23 integrated plants, 1 clinkerisation plant, 27 grinding units and 7 bulk terminals. Its operations span across India, UAE, Bahrain, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka.(*Including 4 MTPA commissioning by June 2019)In the white cement segment, UltraTech goes to market under the brand name of Birla White. It has a white cement plant with a capacity of 0.56 MTPA and 2 WallCare putty plants with a combined capacity of 0.8 MTPA.With 100+ Ready Mix Concrete (RMC) plants in 35 cities, UltraTech is the largest manufacturer of concrete in India. It also has a slew of speciality concretes that meet specific needs of discerning customers. Our Building Products business is an innovation hub that offers an array of scientifically engineered products to cater to new-age constructions."
Bajaj Finance,4.1,(4.6k Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 644 more",36 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Bajaj Finance Limited is the most diversified NBFC in the country, financing the widest set of outcomes. Our entire portfolio is designed to enable you to take control of your aspirations which could be as varied as improving your lifestyle, buying new motorcycle or household goods, or indulging in that much deserved family holiday; whatever be your plan, we have the capability to support it.

The Auto Finance division, Bajaj Auto Finance, has been in operations since 1987 and has served more than 30 lakh customers across India. We offer our customers vehicle loans for the purchase of their favorite Bajaj bikes from amongst all the variants namely Pulsar, Avenger, Discover, Platina and the latest V besides KTM bikes. We also provide easy and attractive financing schemes for a wide range of Bajaj RE three wheelers.

Bajaj Finance has modern infrastructure facilities with state-of- art technology which includes automated cheque handling facilities, and computerized loan accounting with on-line customer data to handle customer transactions and requests efficiently. At Bajaj Auto Finance, we believe in offering the best and quickest services to our customers while providing the finest infrastructure facilities such as automated cheque handling, computerized loan accounting and instant eKYC etc."
KPMG,3.8,(4.2k Reviews),Partnership,Bengaluru/Bangalore + 64 more,36 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"By helping other organizations mitigate risks and grasp opportunities, we can drive positive, sustainable change for clients, our people, and society at large.

KPMG firms operate in 144 countries and territories, and in FY21, collectively employed more than 236,000 people, serving the needs of businesses, governments, public-sector agencies, not-for-profits, and through KPMG firms' audit and assurance practices, the capital markets. KPMG is committed to quality and service excellence in all that we do, bringing our best to clients and earning the public's trust through our actions and behaviors both professionally and personally.

We lead with a commitment to quality and integrity across the KPMG global organization, bringing a passion for client success and a purpose to serve and improve the communities in which KPMG firms operate. In a world where rapid change and unprecedented disruption are the new normal, we inspire confidence and empower change in all we do."
Paytm,3.7,(4.7k Reviews),Public,Noida + 246 more,13 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Paytm is India's largest leading payment gateway that offers comprehensive payment services for customer and merchants. We offer mobile payment solutions to over 7 million merchants and allow consumers to make seamless mobile payments from Cards, Bank Accounts and Digital Credit among others. We pioneered and are the leader of QR based mobile payments in India. With the launch of Paytm Payments Bank, we aim to bring banking and financial services to half-a-billion un-served and under-served Indians. Our investors include Softbank, SAIF Partners, Alibaba Group and Ant Financial. We strive to maintain an open culture where everyone is a hands-on contributor and feels comfortable sharing ideas and opinions. Our team spends hours, designing each new feature and obsesses about the smallest of details."
Mindtree,4.1,(4k Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 26 more",24 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Mindtree is a global technology consulting and services company that enables enterprises across industries to drive superior competitive advantage, customer experiences, and business outcomes by harnessing digital and cloud technologies. 

A digital transformation partner to more than 260 of the world’s most pioneering enterprises, Mindtree brings extensive domain, technology, and consulting expertise to help reimagine business models, accelerate innovation and maximize growth. As a socially and environmentally responsible business, Mindtree is focused on growth as well as sustainability in building long-term stakeholder value. 

Powered by more than 32,000 talented and entrepreneurial professionals across 24 countries, Mindtree — a Larsen & Toubro Group company — is consistently recognized among the best places to work"
Home Credit Fina...,4.2,(3.9k Reviews),Private,Gurugram + 101 more,11 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Home Credit India Finance Pvt. Ltd. is a leading Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC) in consumer finance lending. The company is committed to drive credit penetration and financial inclusion by offering large financial solutions that are simple, transparent and accessible to all. With largest penetration in sub Rs. 10,000 category, Home Credit India has an employee base of over 15,000 and has been consistently expanding operations since its entry in 2012, with its operations spread over 179 cities across 20 States in India. The company has a strong network of around 29,000 points-of-sale (PoS) and is growing with a customer base of over 10 million customers, driven by Pan-India expansion across major markets, a range of diversified and innovative products backed by superior customer experience. Home Credit India has been recognized by Aon Hewitt as a Regional AON Best Employer 2017 for employer excellence."
ITC,3.9,(7.4k Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 248 more",48 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"ITC is one of India's foremost private sector companies and a diversified conglomerate with businesses spanning Fast Moving Consumer Goods, Hotels, Paperboards and Packaging, Agri-Business, and Information Technology. The Company is acknowledged as one of India's most valuable business corporations with a Gross sales value of ₹ 76,097.31 crores and a Net Profit of ₹ 15,136.05 crores (as of 31.03.2020). ITC was ranked as India's most admired company, according to a survey conducted by Fortune India, in association with Hay Group.

ITC is the country's leading FMCG marketer, the clear market leader in the Indian Paperboard and Packaging industry, a globally acknowledged pioneer in farmer empowerment through its wide-reaching Agri Business, a pre-eminent hotel chain in India that is a trailblazer in 'Responsible Luxury'. ITC's wholly-owned subsidiary, ITC Infotech, is a specialized global digital solutions provider.

Over the last decade, ITC's new Consumer Goods Businesses have established a vibrant portfolio of 25 world-class Indian brands that create and retain value in India. ITC's world-class FMCG brands including Aashirvaad, Sunfeast, Yippee!, Bingo!, B Natural, ITC Master Chef, Fabelle, Sunbean, Fiama, Engage, Vivel, Savlon, Classmate, Papercraft, Mangaldeep, Aim, and others have garnered encouraging consumer franchise within a short span of time. While several of these brands are market leaders in their segments, others are making appreciable progress."
Hindustan Unilev...,4.3,(4.6k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 368 more",90 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We’re driven by our purpose: to make sustainable living commonplace.

With over 85 years of heritage in India, HUL is India’s largest fast-moving consumer goods company. On any given day, nine out of ten Indian households use our products, giving us a unique opportunity to build a brighter future. We are known for our great brands, the positive social impact we create and our belief in doing business the right way.

HUL works to create a better future every day and helps people feel good, look good and get more out of life with brands and services that are good for them and good for others.

With 44 brands spanning 14 distinct categories such as fabric solutions, home and hygiene, life essentials, skin cleansing, skincare, hair care, colour cosmetics, oral care, deodorants, tea, coffee, ice cream & frozen desserts, foods and health food drinks, the Company is a part of the everyday life of millions of consumers across India. Its portfolio includes leading household brands such as Lux, Lifebuoy, Surf excel, Rin, Wheel, Glow & Lovely, Pond’s, Vaseline, Lakmé, Dove, Clinic Plus, Sunsilk, Pepsodent, Closeup, Axe, Brooke Bond, Bru, Knorr, Kissan, Kwality Wall’s, Horlicks and Pureit.

The Company has about 21,000 employees and has sales of INR 45,311 crores (financial year 2020-21). HUL is a subsidiary of Unilever, one of the world’s leading suppliers of Food, Home Care, Personal Care and Refreshment products with sales in over 190 countries and an annual sales turnover of €51 billion in 2020. Unilever has 61.9% shareholding in HUL.

Forbes rates HUL as the most innovative company in India and #8 globally. Aon Hewitt recognises HUL as one of the best companies to work for and it continues to be the ‘Employer of Choice’ in the industry for past 12 years."
Ujjivan Small Fi...,4.1,(3.8k Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 383 more",6 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Ujjivan Small Finance Bank (USFB) Limited is among the leading small finance banks in the country. As a mass-market bank, it remains committed to serving the unserved and underserved segments through financial and digital inclusion. We are now a one-stop destination for financial services and offer personalized customer experience to our wide customer base. With technology as a key enabler, Ujjivan Small Finance Bank continues to expand its reach and enhance customer experience. 

The strengthened digital interfaces, across regions and languages, have empowered our customers to seek timely and easy access to finance; at all times. This has further enabled the Bank to deepen its customer connection across diverse locations. As a ‘Responsible Bank’ we stay invested in creating a sustainable social impact through community development and financial literacy initiatives.

Ujjivan Financial Services Limited (UFSL) commenced operations as an NBFC in 2005, with the mission to provide a full range of financial services to the ‘economically active poor’ who were not adequately served by financial institutions. On receipt of License from RBI, UFSL set up Ujjivan Small Finance Bank (USFB) and USFB commenced its Banking operations from February 1, 2017. We are a ‘scheduled bank’ included in the Second Schedule to the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, and a listed Entity. Our IPO in 2019 was oversubscribed 170 times, and it was widely considered to be the best IPO in the last four years across the banking and financial services sector."
Bandhan Bank,3.9,(3.9k Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 586 more",22 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Bandhan Bank Limited was incorporated on 23rd Dec, 2014 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bandhan Financial Holdings Limited, owned by Bandhan Financial Services Limited (BFSL), the largest micro finance organization in India. Its public shareholders include International Finance Corporation (IFC), SIDBI, Caladium Investment Pte. Ltd. (a company managed by GIC Special Investments Private Limited), Bandhan Employees Welfare Trust & a few individuals. Bandhan Bank is driven by a constant desire to serve better. The Kolkata-headquartered bank has two divisions - micro banking & general banking, offering a suite of retail financial solutions, including a variety of savings & loan products. Bandhan Bank seeks to offer world-class banking products & services to urban, semi-urban & rural customers alike. 
It is a bank for all but the focus remains unchanged to meet the financial needs of people who are overlooked by the formal banking system & create better education, health care & self-employment opportunities. In sync with the philosophy of ‘Aapka Bhala, Sabki Bhalai’ and keeping financial inclusion at the heart of it, Bandhan is committed to provide a host of products & services, competitively at par with India’s top private & state-owned banks.
Simply put, when you choose to bank with Bandhan, you are choosing to be instrumental in the nation’s larger growth story."
IIFL,3.9,(3.8k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 524 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IIFL is a financial services conglomerate which was started by a group of passionate entrepreneurs in 1995. The genesis of IIFL lies in the power of dreaming big and believing in your dreams.

IIFL was the pioneer in the retail broking industry with its launch of 5paisa trading platform which offered the lowest brokerage in the industry and the freedom from traditional ways of transacting. Our strength has been to continuously innovate and reinvent ourselves. IIFL’s evolution from an entrepreneurial start-up in 1995 to a full range diversified financial services group is a story of steady growth by adapting to the dynamic business environment, without losing focus on our core domain of financial services.

Today, IIFL Holdings Limited (Bloomberg Code: IIFL IN, NSE: IIFL, BSE: 532636) is India’s leading integrated financial services group with diverse operating businesses, mainly, Non Banking and Housing Finance, Wealth and Asset Management, Financial Advisory and Broking, Mutual Funds and Financial Product Distribution, Investment Banking, Institutional Equities, Realty Broking and Advisory Services.

IIFL serves more than 4 million satisfied customers across various business segments and is continuously building on its strengths to deliver excellent service to its expanding customer base."
Wells Fargo Indi...,4.2,(3.7k Reviews),Public,"San Francisco,California + 12 more",171 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC) is a diversified, community-based financial services company with $1.92 trillion in assets. Wells Fargo’s vision is to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. 

Founded in 1852, and headquartered in San Francisco, Wells Fargo provides banking, investment, and mortgage products, and services, as well as consumer and commercial finance through more than 7,200 locations, more than 13,000 ATMs, the internet (wellsfargo.com), and mobile banking and has offices in 31 countries and territories to support customers who conduct business in the global economy.

Wells Fargo serves one in three households in the United States.

Wells Fargo & Company was ranked No. 30 on Fortune’s 2020 rankings of America’s largest corporations."
JP Morgan Chase,4.2,(3.7k Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 21 more",23 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"JPMorgan Chase is one of the world's oldest, largest and best-known financial institutions. With a history that traces our roots to 1799 in New York City, we carry forth the innovative spirit of our heritage firms in our global operations in over 60 countries. 

Our firm’s culture is rooted in our core principles. Here, you will join diverse and inclusive teams that support each other and empower you to do your best work."
Delhivery,4.1,(4.1k Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 492 more",12 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Delhivery is India's largest  e-commerce enablement company. Our mission is to fulfill all of India's online consumption demand through best-in-class industry solutions,domain expertise and pan-India operations. Delhivery offers extensive services ranging from last mile deliveries, third party fulfillment,warehousing services and software solutions such as channel integration software for sellers selling across multiple platforms.  Delhivery's flexible set of services makes it easier for sellers and consumers to connect faster. Five years into the industry, Delhivery handles over 250,000 shipments per day for over 100,000+ merchants, 25000+ clients and 1800+ retailers across 450+ cities. We provide a modular set of e-commerce technologies and logistics solutions to over 6600+ pin codes."
OPPO,4.0,(3.9k Reviews),Public,"Dongguan,Guangdong + 335 more",19 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"The OPPO brand was first registered in 2001 and OPPO was officially incorporated in 2004. To date,OPPO has expanded its business presence to more than 40 countries and regions, with over 400,000 sales outlets worldwide. With nine Intelligent Manufacturing Centers, six Research Divisions, four R&D Centers and a London-based Global Design Center, OPPO has more than 40,000 employees around the world. OPPO was awarded as “Most Respected Chinese Company” by The Economic Oberserver in 2018 for the third consecutive year and was also included on Boston Consulting Group’ s“ 2018 BCG Global Challengers” list. Also in 2018, OPPO received the Canstar Blue “Most Satisfied Customers” award for the second year in a row. In 2019, OPPO earned a spot on the “Top 50 Chinese Global Brands” ranking by BrandZTM, the leading global authority on brand powe"
Shriram Transpor...,4.2,(4k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 705 more",44 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We are a part of the “SHRIRAM” conglomerate which has significant presence in financial services viz., commercial vehicle financing business, consumer finance, life and general insurance, stock broking, chit funds and distribution of financial products such as life and general insurance products and units of mutual funds.

Our Company was incorporated in the year 1979 and is registered as a Deposit taking NBFC with Reserve Bank of India under section 45IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.

STFC decided to finance the much neglected Small Truck Owner. Shriram understood the power of ‘Aspiration’ much before marketing based on ‘Aspiration’ became fashionable. Shriram started lending to the Small Truck Owner to buy new trucks. But we found a mismatch between the Aspiration and Ability. The Truck Operator was honest but the Equity at his command was not sufficient to suppor the credit levels required to buy a new truck.

We did not have the heart to send the Truck Operator back empty handed; we decided to fund Pre-owned Trucks. This was the most momentous decision that we made. What followed was Sheer magic.

From Driver to Owner, even if only of a Pre-owned Truck and from Pre-owned Truck to the New Truck, we have been with him in his journey of Prosperity as he has been our partner in our road to success and leadership."
Zydus Cadila,4.2,(4.8k Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad, India + 120 more",71 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Zydus Lifesciences Limited formerly knowns as Cadila Healthcare Limited, a leading Indian Pharmaceutical company is a fully integrated, global healthcare provider. 

With in-depth domain expertise in the field of healthcare, it has strong capabilities across the spectrum of the pharmaceutical value chain. From formulations to active pharmaceutical ingredients. Zydus has earned a reputation amongst Indian pharmaceutical companies for providing comprehensive and complete healthcare solutions.

One of the salient features of Zydus is its rich history and lineage. The origin of the company dates all the way back to the 1950s. The company was founded in the year 1952 by Mr. Ramanbhai B. Patel (late), a first-generation entrepreneur and a doyen in the field of Indian Pharmaceuticals.

In 1995, the group was restructured and thus was formed Cadila Healthcare under the aegis of the Zydus group. From a humble turnover of Rs. 250 crores in 1995 the group witnessed significant financial growth and registered a turnover of over Rs. 15,000 crores in FY-21.

Adhering to its brand promise of being dedicated to life in all its dimensions, Zydus continues to innovate with an unswerving focus to address unmet healthcare needs. Simultaneously it rededicates itself to its mission of creating healthier, happier communities across the globe."
Sun Pharmaceutic...,4.1,(4.1k Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 160 more,40 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Sun Pharmaceutical Industries is one of India's brightest stars in the pharmaceutical industry. The company develops, makes, and markets generic pharmaceuticals in a variety of dosage forms (oral tablets and capsules, injectables, creams, and nasal sprays). Its products target chronic therapeutic areas including cardiology, gastroenterology, neurology, psychiatry, and orthopedics. Sun Pharma also manufactures active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) for other drugmakers. The company markets its products around the globe and has 20 manufacturing plants in the Americas, Asia, and Europe."
Ashok Leyland,4.1,(3.6k Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 192 more",75 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Ashok Leyland vehicles have built a reputation for reliability and ruggedness. The 5,00,000 vehicles we have put on the roads have considerably eased the additional pressure placed on road transportation in independent India.In the populous Indian metros, four out of the five State Transport Undertaking (STU) buses come from Ashok Leyland. Some of them like the double-decker and vestibule buses are unique models from Ashok Leyland, tailor-made for high-density routes.The blueprint prepared for the future reflected the global ambitions of the company, captured in four words: Global Standards, Global Markets. This was at a time when liberalisation and globalisation were not yet in the air. Ashok Leyland embarked on a major product and process upgradation to match world-class standards of technology."
Shapoorji Pallon...,4.3,(6.8k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 139 more",158 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Since our inception in 1865, we have been committed to creating structures and providing solutions that have a lasting impact on society, using what we know best: engineering. We firmly believe that smart engineering can bring the world closer and make this planet a better place to live in. We are a well-diversified business house, with clients in over 60 countries, delivering complex and challenging projects for over 150 years. We operate in 6 major business areas with 13 group companies and a strong employee base of over 60,000 people from across 40+ nationalities. Above all, we are engineers at the core, committed to delivering projects and solutions globally with the help of breakthrough technology that will leave an impact for generations to come. We continue to leverage our culture of innovation, our deep engineering expertise and our state of the art Health Safety and Environment processes to help make everyday life better."
Aurobindo Pharma,4.0,(3.8k Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 51 more",37 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Founded in 1986 by Mr. P.V. Ramprasad Reddy, Mr. K. Nityananda Reddy and a small group of highly committed professionals, Aurobindo Pharma was born of a vision. The company commenced operations in 1988-89 with a single unit manufacturing Semi-Synthetic Penicillin (SSP) at Pondicherry.

Aurobindo Pharma became a public company in 1992 and listed its shares on the Indian stock exchanges in 1995. In addition to being the market leader in Semi-Synthetic Penicillin’s, Aurobindo Pharma has a presence in key therapeutic segments such as neurosciences (CNS), cardiovascular (CVS), anti-retroviral, anti-diabetics, gastroenterology and Anti-biotics

Through cost effective manufacturing capabilities and a few loyal customers, the company also entered the high margin specialty generic formulations segment. Today Aurobindo Pharma has evolved into a knowledge driven company manufacturing active pharmaceutical ingredients and formulation products. It is R&D focused and has a multi-product portfolio with manufacturing facilities in several countries."
Vivo,4.1,(3.5k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 335 more",14 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"vivo is a leading, product-driven technology company, with its core business focusing on smart devices and intelligent services. vivo is committed to connecting users around the globe, through design of exciting and innovative smartphones and companion devices, as well as services which integrate technology and design thinking in unique and creative ways.

Leverage on the best local talents, vivo is supported by a network of 10 R&D centers in Shenzhen, Dongguan, Nanjing, Beijing, Hangzhou, Shanghai, Xi’an, Taipei, Tokyo and San Diego, focusing on the development of state-of-the-art consumer technologies, including 5G, artificial intelligence, industrial design, photography and other up-and-coming technologies. vivo has also set-up five production hubs (including brand authorized manufacturing center), across China, South- and Southeast Asia, with an annual production capacity of nearly 200 million smartphones. As of now, vivo has branched out its sales network across more than 40 countries and regions, and is winning more than 400 million users worldwide with its superior products and services."
AU Small Finance...,4.0,(4.6k Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 310 more",27 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We are redefining what a bank should be. We enable a convenient banking experience. We uncomplicate banking for you. The dream started two decades ago by Mr. Sanjay Agarwal, a merit holder Chartered Accountant and a first generation entrepreneur, along with his proficient team. Together, the dexterous team embarked on a journey of excellence while enriching lives along the way. What started off as a dream to be one of the fastest growing NBFCs, AU Financiers is now AU SMALL FINANCE BANK. Throughout our journey we have focused on solutions, completely based on our customers’ needs. This transformation, from being a finance company to a bank, which provides a place for safe keeping, is a reflection of many things that"
Mahindra & Mahin...,4.3,(5.1k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 575 more",32 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Mahindra Finance began as a captive financier of Mahindra Utility Vehicles in the early 90s. From Mahindra UVs to tractors to non-Mahindra products, the company has diversified into a financial services provider with a whole suite of financial solutions tailored to the under-served customer in under-penetrated rural markets.

Our product portfolio consists of vehicle finance, which includes financing of passenger vehicles, utility vehicles, tractors, commercial vehicles, construction equipment; and pre-owned vehicles and SME finance, which includes project finance, equipment finance, working capital finance and bill discounting services to SMEs. The company also undertakes mutual fund distribution, fixed deposits and personal loans tailor-made to suit its unique customer set.

With over 33,000 employees, Mahindra Finance has a presence in every state in India and a footprint in 85% of its districts. It serves customers in more than 3, 60,000 villages– that’s one in every two villages in the country."
Siemens,4.2,(5.1k Reviews),Public,"Munich,Bavaria + 101 more",176 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Siemens India manufactures steam turbines, turbo compressors, high-voltage switchgear (circuit breakers, disconnectors and gas-insulated switchgear), switchboards, remote monitoring systems (RMS), fire detectors and suppression systems, motors and generators, relays and Smart Grid systems, transformers, and advanced medical imaging equipment. The factories replicate global, best-in-class manufacturing systems and practices, with a facility to overhaul and repair gas turbines, compressor blades and rotors.

 

Siemens India is a leader in technology solutions for intelligent (smart), sustainable cities, smart grid, building technologies, mobility and power distribution. Siemens is involved in the Restructured Accelerated Power Development and Reforms Programme (R-APDRP) of the Government of India for installing Smart Grid solutions in many cities in India. Siemens India has signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) to be the Lead Industry Partner in a consortium for the conceptualization and development of Smart Cities in India."
TATA Steel,4.1,(5.1k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 124 more",116 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We touch the lives of millions of people across the world every day with the steel that we produce. And it is highly likely that Tata Steel has affected your life today, though you may not know it.
From the vehicle you drive, to the house you live in; from the bridges you cross, to the hand tools that you use; we strive to deliver unparalleled quality through our customised value-added solutions to make your life easier.
This is made possible by our commitment to a culture of continuous improvement, through which we drive operational excellence in processes, products and people. 
Tata Steel is currently the world’s second-most geographically diversified steel producer. We are one of the few steel operations that are fully integrated – from mining to the manufacturing and marketing of finished products."
Hexaware Technol...,3.7,(3.4k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 31 more",33 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Hexaware is a global leader & next-generation IT and consulting service provider. Our innovative and tailor-made technology solutions enable our clients to achieve operational excellence and enhance customer experience. We believe technology is a magical thing, and our purpose is to create smiles through great people and technology. 

We are now on a journey of metamorphosing the experiences of our customers' customers by leveraging our industry-leading delivery and execution model, built around the strategy— 'Automate Everything ®, Cloudify Everything ®, Transform Customer Experiences ®.' 

At Hexaware, you are encouraged to challenge yourself to achieve your potential and propel your growth. We trust and empower you to disrupt the status quo and innovate for a better future. You will experience an open and inspiring culture that fosters learning and brings talented, passionate, and caring people together. We are a Great Place to Work Certified. 

Our global and diverse workforce across 20 nations, 34 international offices, and multiple time zones work together seamlessly to form an integral component of life at Hexaware."
Max Life Insuran...,4.2,(3.3k Reviews),JV,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 313 more",23 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),Max Life Insurance Company Limited is a life insurance company in India. The company is a subsidiary of the publicly listed Max Financial Services Limited and is the largest non-bank private-sector life insurer in India.
Apollo Hospitals,4.1,(5.6k Reviews),Public,"San Francisco,California + 162 more",40 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Apollo Hospitals was established in 1983 by Dr. Prathap C Reddy, renowned as the architect of modern healthcare in India. As the nation's first corporate hospital, Apollo Hospitals is acclaimed for pioneering the private healthcare revolution in the country.

Apollo Hospitals has emerged as Asia's foremost integrated healthcare services provider and has a robust presence across the healthcare ecosystem, including Hospitals, Pharmacies, Primary Care & Diagnostic Clinics and several retail health models. The Group also has Telemedicine facilities across several countries, Health Insurance Services, Global Projects Consultancy, Medical Colleges, Medvarsity for E-Learning, Colleges of Nursing and Hospital Management and a Research Foundation. In addition, 'ASK Apollo' - an online consultation portal and Apollo Home Health provide the care continuum."
Quess,3.9,(9.6k Reviews),Public,Bangalore + 382 more,16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Quess, Quess Corp Limited (BSE: 539978, NSE: QUESS), is India’s leading business services provider. At Quess, we excel in helping large and emerging companies manage their non-core activities by leveraging our integrated service offerings across industries and geographies which provides significant operational efficiencies to our clients.

Quess has a team of over ~357,000 employees across India, North America, South America, South East Asia and the Middle East across segments such as Industrials, Facility Management, People Services, Technology Solutions and Internet Business.

Quess serves over 2,000 clients worldwide. Established in 2007, Quess is headquartered in Bengaluru, India and has a market cap of approximate. INR 8,452 CR as on June 30, 2019.

Quess Corp is a step-down subsidiary of Fairfax Financial Holdings Group; held through its Indian listed subsidiary, Thomas Cook India Limited."
eClerx,3.6,(3.3k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 14 more",23 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"eClerx provides business process management, automation and analytics services to a number of Fortune 2000 enterprises, including some of the world's leading financial services, communications, retail, fashion, media & entertainment, manufacturing, travel & leisure, and technology companies. 

Incorporated in 2000, eClerx is today traded on both the Bombay and National Stock Exchanges of India. 

The firm employs 16,000+ people across Australia, Canada, Germany, India, Italy, Netherlands, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, UK, and the USA."
JSW Steel,3.9,(3.6k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 101 more",41 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"JSW Steel has always been at the forefront of research and innovation. It has a strategic collaboration with global leader JFE Steel of Japan, enabling JSW to access new and state-of-the-art technologies to produce & offer high-value special steel products to its customers.  

These products are extensively used across industries and applications including construction, infrastructure, automobile, electrical applications, appliances, etc.  JSW Steel is widely recognized for its excellence in business and sustainability practices.

Some of these recognitions include World Steel Association’s Steel Sustainability Champion (consecutively 2019 to 2021), Leadership Rating (A-) in CDP (2020), Deming Prize for TQM for its facilities at Vijayanagar (2018) and Salem (2019). It is part of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) for Emerging Markets (2021) and S&P Global’s Sustainability Yearbook (consecutively for 2020 and 2021). 

JSW Steel is the only Indian company to be ranked among the top 15 global steel producers by World Steel Dynamics for 13 consecutive years since 2008. As a responsible corporate citizen, JSW Steel’s carbon reduction goals are aligned with India’s Climate Change commitments under the Paris Accord."
First Source,3.9,(3.3k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 46 more",22 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Firstsource is purpose-led and people-first. We create value for our global clients by elevating their customers’ experience at every interaction, be it a call, click, tap, message, or chat.

Delivering a great experience to clients starts on the inside – by connecting every Firstsourcer to the role’s purpose. We upskill our people in new-age technologies and focus on supporting their physical, financial, and mental well-being.

The result? Everyone aligned to our ‘Digital First, Digital Now’ strategy, our north star, where we pair technology and human touch. Our work focuses on simplifying complex business processes to help our global clients be more efficient, save money and execute brilliantly."
Nokia,4.2,(4.7k Reviews),Private,"Espoo,Southern Finland + 169 more",158 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"At Nokia, we create technology that helps the world act together.

As a trusted partner for critical networks, we are committed to innovation and technology leadership across mobile, fixed, and cloud networks. We create value with intellectual property and long-term research, led by the award-winning Nokia Bell Labs.

Adhering to the highest standards of integrity and security, we help build the capabilities needed for a more productive, sustainable, and inclusive world.

Nokia is creating the critical networks and technologies to bring together the world’s intelligence, across businesses, cities, supply chains, and societies. But what can you expect to experience in your day-to-day work at Nokia? Learn more about the unique elements of our culture that you will feel and experience when you choose a career at Nokia."
Hewlett-Packard ...,4.3,(3.6k Reviews),Private,"Houston,Texas + 85 more",8 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"HPE is a global, edge-to-cloud Platform-as-a-Service company built to transform your business. How? By helping you connect, protect, analyze, and act on all your data and applications wherever they live, from edge to cloud, so you can turn insights into outcomes at the speed required to thrive in today’s complex world.

At HPE, we’re ushering in a new era: the Age of Insight, where we make all your data work for you, wherever it lives. This era will lead to services and products we can’t yet imagine, and it will generate discoveries that elevate the greater well-being of every human on this planet.

Explore Hewlett Packard Enterprise communities to discuss, share and collaborate with HPE experts, customers and other partners. Find the latest HPE blogs, get advice, and join discussions."
Oracle,3.9,(4.1k Reviews),Public,"Austin,Texas + 35 more",46 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"With a leading presence in more than 175 countries, Oracle is the world's number one provider of business software. 

More than 400,000 businesses around the world trust our technologies to run their mission-critical operations. With the industry's broadest and deepest suite of cloud applications, our cloud is the only cloud that's built from the ground up for business."
Tata Projects,4.2,(3.2k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 207 more",44 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Tata Projects is one of the fastest growing and most admired industrial infrastructure companies in India. It has expertise in executing large and complex urban and industrial infrastructure projects.

As a top industrial infrastructure company in India, we provide turnkey solutions for the construction of roads, bridges, fully integrated rail & metro systems, commercial building & airports and setting up power generation plants, power transmission & distribution systems, chemical process plants, water and waste management and complete mining and metal purification systems. We are also a leading mining company in India and metal purification company in India. We do not just adhere to world class standards but also help innovative and push the boundaries. This helped us establish ourselves as a leading industrial infrastructure company in India.

The company is driven to deliver projects on time using world-class management techniques and has uncompromising standards of safety and sustainability. As a leader among the mining companies in India, we set the benchmark for many mining projects across the nation. And our premier execution of metallurgy projects has transformed our organisation into the preferred metal purification company choice."
JLL,4.2,(3.2k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 59 more",26 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"JLL (NYSE: JLL) is a leading professional services firm that specializes in real estate and investment management. JLL shapes the future of real estate for a better world by using the most advanced technology to create rewarding opportunities, amazing spaces and sustainable real estate solutions for our clients, our people, and our communities. JLL is a Fortune 500 company with annual revenue of $16.6 billion in 2020, operations in over 80 countries and a global workforce of more than 91,000 as of March 31, 2021. JLL is the brand name, and a registered trademark, of Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated. For further information, visit jll.com.
 
In India, JLL has an extensive presence across 10 major cities (Mumbai, Delhi NCR, Bengaluru, Pune, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Kochi, and Coimbatore) and over 130 tier II & III markets with a cumulative strength of close to 12,000 professionals. Headquartered out of Mumbai, we are India’s premier and largest professional services firm specializing in real estate. Our services cover various asset classes such as commercial, residential, industrial, retail, warehouse and logistics, hospitality, healthcare, senior living, data centre and education. For further information, please visit jll.co.in."
Hero MotoCorp,4.2,(3.2k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 272 more",39 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Hero MotoCorp is India's leading two wheeler company, which has been providing customers with an excellent range of two wheelers that ensure both style and comfort. The story of Hero MotoCorp can be traced back to the vision of a mobile and empowered India, powered by its two wheelers. Today, Hero MotoCorp has made it its mission to become the best two wheeler company, not only in India but globally by setting benchmarks in style, performance and technology."
TVS Motor,4.1,(4.6k Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 246 more",44 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"TVS Motor Company is the third-largest 2-wheeler company in India with a revenue of over ₹18,217 crores (over US$2.9 billion). It has an annual sale of more than 3 million units and an annual capacity of over 4.95 million vehicles. TVS Motor is also the 2nd largest exporter in India with exports to over 60 Countries. 

TVS Motor manufactures the largest range of 2-wheelers, starting from mopeds to scooters, commuter motorcycles, to racing-inspired bikes like the Apache series and the RR310. Whatever your requirement be, we have one for everyone. TVS Motor’s strength lies in its extensive research and development, resulting in products that are industry-leading in terms of innovation. 

We at TVS deliver total customer satisfaction by anticipating customer needs and presenting quality vehicles at the right time and at the right price. TVS has always stood for innovative, easy-to-handle, and environment-friendly products, backed by reliable customer service. More than 44 million + customers have bought a TVS product to date. 

TVS products give you only reasons to smile! The company has four manufacturing plants, three located in India (Hosur in Tamil Nadu, Mysore in Karnataka, and Nalagarh in Himachal Pradesh) and one in Indonesia at Karawang."
JustDial,3.6,(3.1k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 136 more",27 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Just Dial Limited is India's No. 1 Local Search engine that provides local search related services to users across India through multiple platforms such as website, mobile website, Apps (Android, iOS, Windows), over the telephone (voice, pan India number 8888888888) and text (SMS).

Justdial has also initiated ‘Search Plus’ services for its users. These services aim at making several day-to-day tasks conveniently actionable and accessible to users through one App. By doing so, it has transitioned from being purely a provider of local search and related information to being an enabler of such transactions. Justdial has also recently launched JD Omni, an end-to-end business management solution for SMEs, through which it intends to transition thousands of SMEs to efficiently run their business online and have adequate online presence via their own website and mobile site. Apart from this, it has also launched JD Pay, a unique solution for quick digital payments for its users and vendors, and JD Social, its official social sharing platform to provide curated content on latest happenings to users. The organisation also aims to make communication between users and businesses seamless through its Real Time Chat Messenger."
Reliance Communi...,4.0,(3.8k Reviews),Public,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 376 more",21 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Reliance Communications Limited, founded by the late Shri Dhirubhai H Ambani (1932-2002), has Corporate clientele that includes 40,000 Indian and multinational corporations, including small and medium enterprises.

Reliance Communications has established a pan-India, Next-Generation, digital network that is capable of supporting best-of-class services spanning the entire communications value chain. Reliance Communications owns and operates the world's largest Next-Generation IP-enabled connectivity infrastructure, comprising fiber optic cable systems in India, the USA, Europe, Middle East and the Asia Pacific region."
Intelenet Global...,3.7,(3.1k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 55 more",23 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"For over 40 years, Teleperformance, the global leader in customer experience management, has been connecting customers with the world’s most successful companies. Teleperformance's Digital Integrated Business Services combines human touch and high technology to deliver extraordinary customer experiences. While technology creates new and agile ways of working, our interaction experts remain committed to creating unique connections through empathy, adaptive communication skills, and more importantly, a passion for making it happen."
Future Group,4.2,(9.8k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 199 more",10 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Rewrite Rules, Retain Values – this simple idea has been at the core of our business since the inception of Future Group. Today, a wide portfolio of brands in food, FMCG and fashion, complement the country’s pioneering modern retail networks.

More than 600 million customer visits are recorded across the 2,000 Future Group retail stores, covering over 24 million square feet of space in over 400 cities and towns. Millions more interact with group’s brands and businesses through ecommerce sites, social media and mobile apps like FuturePay and EasyDay Club.

In fashion, our manufacturing facilities produce garments designed and sourced by a talented team of trend-spotters, designers and merchandizers. Brands like Lee Cooper, John Miller, CoverStory, Indigo Nation, Scullers, Knighthood, DJ&C, Bare, UMM, and Ancestry are some of our key brands.

The flagship retail brand Big Bazaar is ranked among the most valuable Indian brands (Interbrand), and among the most trusted brands (Nielsen). Leading department store network, Central, smart prices retailer, Brand Factory, and popular fashion destination FBB are also a part of the group, along with a growing chain of small neighbourhood stores, EasyDay and Heritage Fresh, and convenience stores WH Smith and 7-Eleven."
Fidelity Nationa...,4.1,(3.2k Reviews),Private,"Jacksonville,Florida + 30 more",55 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"FIS is a global leader in financial services technology, with a focus on retail and institutional banking, payments, asset and wealth management, risk and compliance, and outsourcing solutions. 

Through the depth and breadth of our solutions portfolio, global capabilities, and domain expertise, FIS serves more than 20,000 clients. Headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida. 

FIS employs more than 55,000 people worldwide and holds leadership positions in payment processing, financial software, and banking solutions. 
Providing software, services, and outsourcing of the technology that empowers the financial world, FIS is a Fortune 500 company and is a member of Standard &
Poor’s 500® Index. 
For more information about FIS, visit www.fisglobal.com"
Cyient,3.7,(3k Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 25 more",32 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"From quieter flights and safer train rides to more reliable energy supply, we strive to provide comprehensive solutions that help our clients achieve their operational and business goals. To us, problems are an opportunity to use our extensive global experience and industry knowledge creatively to help our clients do more-we make them more capable, more flexible, and more competitive.  Founded in 1991, Cyient provides engineering, manufacturing, geospatial, network, and operations management services to global industry leaders. We deliver innovative solutions that add value to businesses through the deployment of robust processes and state-of-the-art technology. Our high quality products and services help clients leverage market opportunities and gain the competitive advantage.  To ensure streamlined efficiency and seamless operations, we have key centers at strategic locations across the globe."
Bajaj Allianz Li...,4.1,(3k Reviews),Private,Pune + 428 more,22 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Limited is one of India’s leading private life insurance companies. It is a joint venture between Bajaj Finserv Limited, the holding company for the businesses dealing with financial services of the Bajaj Group, and Allianz SE, the world’s leading insurance conglomerate and one of the largest asset managers in the world.Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Limited began its operations in 2001, and today has a pan-India presence with 582 branches as on 31 August 2019. The company offers life insurance solutions through its strong product portfolio, which includes traditional insurance products and ULIPs for enabling customers fulfill their LifeGoals. The company also offers group insurance and health insurance plans."
Hyundai Motor,4.2,(4.1k Reviews),Private,Seoul + 235 more,56 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Hyundai Motor Company is striving to provide freedom of movement to everyone by investing in mobility services, by building close relationship with leading mobility service providers and expanding our role beyond the automotive transportation sector. The company will play a pivotal role in global society’s transition to clean energy by helping make hydrogen an economically viable energy source."
Oyo Rooms,3.5,(3.1k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 107 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in India in 2013 by 18-year-old Ritesh Agarwal, OYO grew from 1 hotel to 23,000+ hotels, 1,000,000+ rooms and 125,000+ holiday homes. OYO is spread across 800 cities in 80 countries. Headquartered in Gurgaon, OYO is the fastest-growing and second-largest hotel chain in the world. Globally, we are known for transforming spaces into comfortable and stylish spaces with 70% - 85% occupancy rates. With cutting-edge technology and top industry leaders who love taking risks, we are investing in cloud kitchens, co-living, co-workspaces, student housing, extended stay residences, and grand hotel projects. If we are ambitious about disrupting the hospitality industry and seek a buzzing young work culture, OYO is the place for you!"
Megha Engineerin...,4.1,(2.9k Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 217 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Megha Engineering & Infrastructures Limited (MEIL) is a major infrastructure company headquartered in Hyderabad, India. The company was established in 1989 as a small fabrication unit. In due course of time, the unit made a name for itself in the manufacturing and engineering sector."
Bosch,4.2,(6.5k Reviews),Public,"Gerlingen,Baden-Wuerttemberg + 84 more",137 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Our products and services are designed to spark enthusiasm, improve quality of life, and help conserve natural resources. We want to deliver top quality and reliability. In short: we want to create technology that is “Invented for life.”

The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 395,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2020). The company generated sales of 71.5 billion euros in 2020. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.”

We are motivated by the desire to develop products that are “Invented for life,” that spark enthusiasm, that improve quality of life, and that help conserve natural resources. Our “We are Bosch” mission statement reflects this. It summarizes our values, our strengths, and our strategic orientation.

The mission is based on seven central values, which shape our corporate culture – ranging from a focus on the future and earnings to cultural diversity. Responsibility and sustainability are part of this set of values and thus of our actions."
Omega Healthcare,3.8,(2.9k Reviews),Private,Florida + 30 more,19 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Omega owes its origins to the personal experience of its founders. After various tenures in the US healthcare industry, both partners recognized a major lack of support for medical billing companies and healthcare payment systems. Combining their domain expertise and business knowledge in the Revenue Cycle Management industry, Omega Healthcare was created."
Wipro BPS,3.8,(2.8k Reviews),Bengaluru + 34 more,23 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),N/A,"Wipro BPS is an outsourcing arm of Wipro Limited that provides next generation business process services to global enterprises. BPS is nothing but Business Process Services. The services are spread to the domain such as Telecom, Media, Aviation, Technology, Retail, Banking, Financial Services, Manufacturing, Healthcare, Pharma, Insurance, Energy & Utilities and Travel & Transportation."
L&T Construction,4.2,(3.8k Reviews),Public,Chennai + 273 more,79 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"L&T Construction, India's largest construction organization and ranked among the world's top 30 contractors, has been over the past seven decades transforming cityscapes and landscapes with structures of immense size and grandeur. The company's capabilities span the entire gamut of construction - civil, mechanical, electrical and instrumentation engineering - and its services extend to all core sector industries and infrastructure projects.

Several of the country's prized landmarks - edifices, structures, airports, industrial projects, flyovers, viaducts, water, and power infrastructure projects carry L&T's signature of excellence in construction. Today, more and more structures beyond India's boundaries are standing tall, thanks to L&T Construction."
D Mart,3.9,(2.8k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 171 more",23 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"DMart is a one-stop supermarket chain that aims to offer customers a wide range of basic home and personal products under one roof. Each DMart store stocks home utility products - including food, toiletries, beauty products, garments, kitchenware, bed and bath linen, home appliances and more - available at competitive prices that our customers appreciate. Our core objective is to offer customers good products at great value.

DMart was started by Mr. Radhakishan Damani and his family to address the growing needs of the Indian family. From the launch of its first store in Powai in 2002, DMart today has a well-established presence in 234 locations across Maharashtra, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka, Telangana, Chhattisgarh, NCR, Tamil Nadu, Punjab and Rajasthan. With our mission to be the lowest priced retailer in the regions we operate, our business continues to grow with new locations planned in more cities.

The supermarket chain of DMart stores is owned and operated by Avenue Supermarts Ltd. (ASL). The company has its headquarters in Mumbai."
Atos Syntel,3.7,(4.6k Reviews),Private,"Troy,Michigan + 14 more",43 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Atos is the global leader in secure and decarbonized digital with a range of market-leading digital solutions along with consultancy services, digital security and decarbonization offerings; an end-to-end partnership approach.
A net-zero pioneer in decarbonization services and products, our commitment to the future extends to carbon-neutrality for our organization as well as our clients and partners. Together, we’re a force pushing the boundaries of scientific and technological excellence to ensure that everyone can live, work and thrive sustainably in a secure information space.
Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea), listed on Euronext Paris and included on the CAC 40 ESG and Next 20 Paris Stock Indexes."
Manappuram Finan...,4.0,(3.5k Reviews),Public,"Thrissur/Trichur,Kerala + 413 more",74 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Manappuram Finance Ltd. is one of India’s leading gold loan NBFCs. Promoted by Shri. V.P. Nandakumar, the current MD & CEO, its origins go back to 1949 when it was founded in the coastal village of Valapad (Thrissur District) by his late father Mr. V.C. Padmanabhan. The firm was involved in pawn broking and money lending carried out on a modest scale. Shri Nandakumar took over the reins in 1986 after his father expired.   Since then, it has been a story of unparalleled growth with many milestones crossed. Incorporated in 1992, Manappuram Finance Ltd. has grown at a rapid pace. Today, it has 3,747 branches across 28 states/UTs with assets under management (AUM) of nearly Rs.13,0140 million and a workforce of 19,372."
SBI Cards & Paym...,3.8,(2.7k Reviews),Government,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 259 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SBI Cards & Payment Services Ltd., previously known as SBI Cards and Payment Services Private Limited, is a payment solutions provider in India. SBI Card was launched in October 1998 by the State Bank of India, India's largest bank, and GE Capital. In December 2017, State Bank of India and The Carlyle Group."
BNY Mellon,4.2,(2.7k Reviews),Private,"New York City,New York + 11 more",19 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"INautix, established in 2000, is a group company of BNY Mellon operating in India, providing technology solutions to the bank. The Technology division has over 13,000 professionals, working across nine innovation centers worldwide, to deliver innovative technology solutions powering BNY Mellon business."
Cummins,4.4,(3.3k Reviews),"Columbus,Indiana + 87 more",61 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"Formed in 1962, the largest entity of Cummins in India, Cummins India Limited is the country’s leading manufacturer of diesel and natural gas engines. One of the seven legal entities of the Cummins Group in India, Cummins India Limited comprises three business units - Engine, Power Systems, and Distribution."
Samsung,4.0,(7.6k Reviews),Public,Seoul + 362 more,85 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Samsung Electronics is a global leader in technology, opening new possibilities for people everywhere. Through relentless innovation and discovery, we are transforming the worlds of TVs, smartphones, wearable devices, tablets, digital appliances, network systems, medical devices, semiconductors and LED solutions. Samsung is also leading in the Internet of Things space through, among others, our Smart Home and Digital Health initiatives. 

Since being established in 1969, Samsung Electronics has grown into one of the world’s leading technology companies, and become recognized as one of the top 10 global brands. Our network now extends across the world, and Samsung takes great pride in the creativity and diversity of its talented people, who drive our growth.  To discover more, please visit our website at www.samsung.com and our official newsroom at news.samsung.com"
BigBasket,4.1,(2.7k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 85 more",12 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"From household cleaning products to beauty and makeup, BigBasket has everything you need for your daily needs. bigbasket.com is convenience personified We’ve taken away all the stress associated with shopping for daily essentials, and you can now order all your household products and even buy groceries online without traveling long distances or standing in serpentine queues.

Add to this the convenience of finding all your requirements at one single source, along with great savings, and you will realize that BigBasket- India’s largest online supermarket, has revolutionized the way India shops for groceries. Online grocery shopping has never been easier. Need things fresh? Whether it’s fruits and vegetables or dairy and meat, we also have this covered! Get fresh eggs, meat, fish, and more online at your convenience. Hassle-free Home Delivery options.

Our On-time Guarantee is one such assurance where we refund 5% of the bill value if the delivery is delayed (however, due to the pandemic caused by Covid-19 our delivery might get delayed. Delivery Guarantee will not be applicable). We provide free delivery for all your order values above Rs. 1200. 

A wide range of imported and gourmet products are available through our express delivery and slotted delivery service. If you ever find an item missing on delivery or want to return a product, you can report it to us within 48 hours for a ‘no-questions-asked’ refund."
Fullerton India,4.1,(2.6k Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 411 more,16 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Fullerton India started its India operations in 2007, and today it is one of the leading NBFCs with a pan India presence. With a valued strength of 13, 000 employees, we offer financial support and partnership to over 2.8 million customers, across 626 branches. We operate in the niche sectors, and provide financial access to the underserved and unserved segments. By doing so, we have introduced people to formal credit.

The firm has invested in technology and digital capabilities to enhance customer and stakeholder experience, and paved the way for – Rishta Sammaan Ka. This echoes our core values and ethos of making things simpler, in our journey to empower people. We remain gender neutral and do what is right for the community.

Our primary services constitute financing of SME for working capital and growth, loans for commercial vehicles and two-wheelers, home improvement loans, loans against property, personal loans, working capital loans for urban self-employed and loans for rural livelihood advancement, rural housing finance and financing of various rural micro enterprises.

Fullerton India Credit Company Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fullerton Financial Holdings Pte. Ltd., which in turn is a wholly owned subsidiary of Temasek Holdings Pte. Ltd., Singapore. Fullerton Financial Holdings invests in financial institutions in emerging markets with its prime focus on business and consumer banking."
Nagarro,4.5,(2.7k Reviews),Private,"Munich,Bavaria + 32 more",27 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"In a quickly changing and evolving world, the challenges you face are ever more unique and complex. To find solutions, you need forward-thinking, agile, caring partners that can help you transform, adapt, and build. At Nagarro, we excel at digital product engineering and deliver on our promise of thinking breakthroughs.

The nature of IT & digital product engineering has reached an incredible state of velocity and transition. We must adapt and meet it with an agile mindset that isn't afraid to iterate towards the perfect solution. 

If we only solve today's problems, it's not enough. We must do more. We must courageously embrace the future, with vision and clarity about where technology & business are heading. Thinking breakthroughs get us there. Spend some time with us and we'll help you future-proof your business."
Amdocs,4.1,(2.6k Reviews),Private,"Chesterfield,Missouri + 11 more",41 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Amdocs is a leading software and services provider to communications and media companies of all sizes, accelerating the industry’s dynamic and continuous digital transformation.
With a rich set of innovative solutions, long-term business relationships with 350 communications and media providers, and technology and distribution ties to 600 content creators, Amdocs delivers business improvements to drive growth. Amdocs and its 25,000 employees serve customers in over 85 countries. Listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, Amdocs had revenue of $4.0 billion in fiscal 2018"
Indiamart Interm...,3.7,(2.7k Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 112 more",27 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"IndiaMART is India’s largest online B2B marketplace, connecting buyers with suppliers. With 60% market share of the online B2B Classified space in India, the channel focuses on providing a platform to Small & Medium Enterprises (SMEs), Large Enterprises as well as individuals. Founded in 1999, the company’s mission is ‘to make doing business easy."
Viatris,4.3,(2.6k Reviews),"Canonsburg,Pennsylvania + 63 more",62 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"Viatris is a global healthcare company formed in 2020 through the combination of Mylan and Upjohn, a legacy division of Pfizer. By integrating the strengths of these two companies, including our global workforce of ~45,000, we aim to deliver increased access to affordable, quality medicines for patients worldwide, regardless of geography or circumstance.
Our global portfolio includes best-in-class, iconic brand-name products as well as global key brands; generics, including branded and complex generics; biosimilars; and over-the-counter offerings across a wide range of therapeutic areas. We are committed to helping create healthier communities worldwide through education, outreach and better access to treatment.
At Viatris, we have one of the strongest global commercial infrastructures in the industry, with a balanced reach across North America, Europe, the Asia Pacific region and emerging markets. Our high-quality global manufacturing, scientific excellence and vast supply chain network mean we are uniquely positioned to improve access to medicine for patients worldwide."
Bosch Global Sof...,4.2,(2.6k Reviews),Private,Gerlingen + 21 more,33 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Bosch Global Software Technologies Private Limited (BGSW) is a 100% owned subsidiary of Robert Bosch GmbH. We are one of the world’s leading global suppliers of technology and services, offering end-to-end Engineering, IT, and Business Solutions.

With a global footprint and presence in the US, Europe, Japan, China, and the Asia Pacific region, we are at the forefront of designing, developing, and executing IoT ecosystems through our all-encompassing capability within the 3 aspects of IoT – Sensors, Software, and Services.

We have always focused on improving the quality of the life of people, providing newer revenue-generating opportunities, and improving operational efficiencies for enterprises through an array of solutions. With our unique ability to offer end-to-end solutions that connect Sensors, Software, and Services, we enable businesses to move from the traditional to digital or improve businesses by introducing a digital element in their products and processes."
IQVIA,4.2,(2.7k Reviews),Partnership,Durham + 35 more,41 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"IQVIA is a world leader in using data, technology, advanced analytics, and expertise to help customers drive healthcare forward. Together with the companies we serve, we are enabling a more modern and effective healthcare system and creating breakthrough solutions that transform business and patient outcomes."
CBRE,4.3,(2.6k Reviews),Private,"Los Angeles,California + 54 more",117 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Today, India is CBRE’s strategic regional hub with more than 10,000 professionals working together to provide our clients the best and most informed real estate solutions.

As the world’s largest commercial real estate services company, CBRE leverages our global perspectives and 27 years of experience in India to serve our local audience and help them achieve their real estate goals. Supported by a future-proof working environment and a cohesive corporate culture, we – “the green machine” – are here to unlock our full potential, deliver exceptional value for our clients and give back to the community. Find out more about who we are.

The guiding principle at CBRE is to provide strategic solutions that make real estate holdings more productive and economically efficient for its clients across all service lines."
Ecom Express,4.2,(2.5k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 520 more",11 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Ecom Express Private Limited is a leading end-to-end technology enabled logistics solutions provider to the Indian e-commerce industry. Headquartered in New Delhi, Ecom Express was incorporated in 2012 by T.A. Krishnan, Manju Dhawan, K. Satyanarayana and Sanjeev Saxena with their 100+ years of cumulative experience in the Indian logistics and distribution industry.

The company has established its presence in the industry due to a differentiated business model which is built on delivery service capability, scalability, customization and sustainability. Ecom Express uses its cutting-edge technology and automation solutions to enable first-mile pickup, processing, network optimization and last mile delivery. The company’s products include Ecom Express Services (EXS), Ecom Fulfilment Services (EFS) and Ecom Digital Services (EDS).

Ecom Express has its presence in all 29 states of the country and operates in over 2400 towns across 25,000+ PIN-codes in India. The company is the first private logistics company in India to envision a full-state coverage strategy i.e. the capability to reach every doorstep in every village in a state. This full-state coverage is offered in 20 states including Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Delhi, Goa, Gujarat, Haryana, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Odisha, Punjab, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Uttar Pradesh, and West Bengal. Through this deep reach strategy, the company has a capability to deliver to over 1.2 billion people i.e. 92%+ of India’s population."
UST,4.0,(2.6k Reviews),Private,"Aliso Viejo,California + 30 more",22 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"UST is a leading technology and digital transformation company, with global headquarters in California, USA. The company has offices in Bengaluru, Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi, Chennai, Hyderabad, Pune, Noida, Hosur, Coimbatore and Ahmedabad in India.
For more than 22 years, UST has worked side by side with the world’s best companies to make a real impact through transformation. Powered by technology, inspired by people and led by purpose, UST partners with clients from design to operation. Through a nimble approach, UST identifies their clients’ core challenges, and crafts disruptive solutions that bring their vision to life. With deep domain expertise and a future-proof philosophy, UST embeds innovation and agility into clients’ organizations—delivering measurable value and lasting change across industries, and around the world. With over 26,000 employees in 25 countries, UST builds for boundless impact—touching billions of lives in the process. Find out more at ust.com."
State Bank of In...,3.9,(5.1k Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 385 more",217 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),N/A,"State Bank of India (SBI) is the nation's largest and oldest bank. Tracing its roots back some 200 years to the British East India Company (and initially established as the Bank of Calcutta in 1806), the bank operates more than 13,500 branches within India. It also owns majority stakes in five associate banks. SBI also has more than 155 branches in about 30 foreign countries, including multiple locations in the US, Canada, and Nigeria. The bank has other units devoted to capital markets, fund management, factoring and commercial services, credit cards, insurance, and brokerage services. The Reserve Bank of India owns about 60% of State Bank of India."
JBM Group,4.0,(3.2k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 72 more",40 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"JBM Group is a focused and progressive conglomerate aiming to add value to our customers’business via its products, services and innovative solutions. The Group has a diversified portfolio with presence in multiple domains such as Automotive, Engineering & Design services, Renewable energy, Railways and OEM. JBM Group currently has an infrastructure of 40 manufacturing plants, 4 Engineering & Design centres across 18 locations globally. The multibillion dollar JBM Group has broadened its horizons by focusing on quality delivery, solutions approach, product development processes, flexible manufacturing systems and contract manufacturing.JBM Group comprising primarily of auto component division, caters services to esteemed clients that include Ashok Leyland, Bajaj Auto Ltd, Fiat, Ford, General Motors Corporation, Honda, Hero, JCB, Mahindra, Maruti Suzuki, Renault, Nissan, TATA, Toyota, TVS, Volvo-Eicher, Volkswagen and many more."
Godrej & Boyce M...,3.9,(5.2k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 115 more",126 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"In 1897 a young man named Ardeshir Godrej gave up law and turned to lock-making. Ardeshir went on to make safes and security equipment of the highest order, and then stunned the world by creating toilet soap from vegetable oil. His brother Pirojsha Godrej carried Ardeshir's dream forward, leading Godrej towards becoming a vibrant, multi-business enterprise. Pirojsha laid the foundation for the sprawling industrial garden township now called Pirojshanagar in the suburbs of Mumbai, where the Godrej Group has its headquarters.

Godrej & Boyce Mfg. Co. Ltd., a Godrej Group Company, started its journey with the manufacture of high quality locks in 1897. Today, we have 15 diverse business divisions offering consumer, office, and industrial products and services of the highest quality to every corner of India and across the globe."
Schneider Electr...,4.2,(4.1k Reviews),Private,Paris + 90 more,24 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Schneider's purpose is to empower all to make the most of our energy and resources, bridging progress and sustainability for all. At Schneider, we call this Life Is On.

We believe access to energy and digital is a basic human right. Our generation is facing a tectonic shift in energy transition and industrial revolution catalysed by accelerated digitisation in a more electric world. Electricity is the most efficient and best vector for decarbonisation; combined with a circular economy approach, we will achieve a climate-positive impact as part of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

We drive digital transformation by integrating world-leading process and energy technologies to realise the full efficiency and sustainability opportunities for your business. We provide end-point to cloud integration connecting products, controls, software and services. We enable lifecycle solutions from design and build to operate and maintain phases through a digital twin. We deliver capabilities to transform from site-to-site to an integrated company management. Our integrated solutions are built with safety, reliability and cybersecurity for your homes, buildings, data centres, infrastructure and industries.

We are advocates of open standards and partnership ecosystems to unleash the infinite possibilities of a global, innovative community that is passionate about our shared Meaningful Purpose, Inclusive and Empowered values.

We are the most local of global companies; our unmatched proximity to you enables us to better understand, anticipate and adapt with agility to support your business continuity with high ethical standards in everything we do."
ICICI Lombard Ge...,3.8,(2.5k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 208 more",22 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"At ICICI Lombard, customer centricity is the cornerstone of our culture. Stretching ourselves and going beyond the ordinary, for the satisfaction and smiles of our customers, is deeply embedded in our DNA. Whether our customers face an untoward incident due to the unpredictability of nature, suffer losses due to accidents or face medical challenges, we remain committed to be at their side and serve them in their hard times. The 2015 Chennai floods affected the lives of hundreds of people and caused widespread damage. In the face of such unexpected events, our team continues to work towards our goals without losing focus. Reaching out and reassuring customers by going the extra mile, reinstating normalcy as fast as possible, we remained steadfast in reducing emotional trauma and the impact of loss. Fast, fair and friendly as always, we put our customers’ needs above all. Our value proposition is driven by a promise to be the best partner for our customers. Simply put, it means providing unmatched services. This deep and unceasing commitment to our customers guides us to do things right, every time. It inspires us to evolve our services every day, from small modifications to major changes. For us, customer satisfaction is a promise to be lived every day, because our customers’ peace of mind is our greatest reward."
Dell,4.2,(3.9k Reviews),Private,"Round Rock,Texas + 81 more",39 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Our story began with a belief and a passion: that everybody should have easy access to the best technology anywhere in the world. That was in 1984 in Michael Dell’s University of Texas dorm room. Today, Dell Technologies is instrumental in changing the digital landscape the world over. 

We are among the world’s leading technology companies helping to transform people’s lives with extraordinary capabilities. From hybrid cloud solutions to high-performance computing to ambitious social impact and sustainability initiatives, what we do impacts, everyone, everywhere. 

At Dell Technologies, we continue to innovate, developing technology so you’re always ready to move forward. Learn more about end-to-end technology solutions and digital transformation accelerators. Plus, see real stories from our customers and dive into emerging technologies."
Royal Enfield,4.2,(2.5k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 255 more",122 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The oldest motorcycle brand in continuous production, Royal Enfield made its first motorcycle in 1901. A division of Eicher Motors Limited, Royal Enfield has created the mid-sized motorcycle segment in India with its unique and distinctive modern classic bikes. 

With its new manufacturing base in Chennai, India, Royal Enfield is able to grow its production rapidly against a surge in demand for its motorcycles. With more than 50% growth every year for the last 5 years, Royal Enfield is fast becoming a very important player in the global mid-size motorcycle market and is working towards re-inventing this space with motorcycles that are evocative and engaging, and great fun to ride. 

Royal Enfield’s product line‐up in India includes the Bullet, Classic and Thunderbird models in 350 and 500cc displacement along with Continental GT 535cc café racer and the purpose built Himalayan powered by the new LS410 engine. Royal Enfield operates through 17 company-operated stores and 705+ dealers in all major cities and towns in India, and exports to over 50 countries across the world including the USA, UK, several European and Latin American countries, as well as the Middle East and South East Asia.

Royal Enfield also organizes and supports many motorcycling events and rides globally, more prominently the Rider Mania – an annual gathering of Royal Enfield riders from all over the world to the lovely beaches of Goa, and the Himalayan Odyssey, the most arduous motorcycle ride over some of the toughest roads and highest mountain passes in the Himalayas. Royal Enfield also conducts the popular ‘One Ride’ where people around the world ride out on their motorcycles on the first Sunday of April."
Equitas Small Fi...,4.2,(2.5k Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 303 more",16 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Equitas Small Finance Bank is a new age bank that is giving children, youth, families and business people across India a new and fun way to bank. In our time as a micro finance company, we silently went about enabling livelihoods and elevating lives. As a small finance bank, we are today going about also to change the very way banking is imagined, delivered and experienced – with TRUST being the key driver. Come along for this fun ride."
Muthoot Finance,3.6,(2.5k Reviews),Public,"Kochi/Cochin,Kerala + 452 more",84 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Even before the word ""ethos"" had found a place in the corporate lexicon, Muthoot Finance Ltd. had imbibed a work culture that was based on conscience. Ever since its inception, the company has nurtured trust as its most prominent value. We are committed to keeping this heritage alive throughout the generations to come. At Muthoot Finance Ltd. we are committed to creating a balance. We believe in a simple yet profound theory of ""from excess or scanty, to appropriateness"".

A prominent example of this is our financial inclusion policy. The company provides gold loans on extremely easy terms and conditions to people of each segment of the society. Our gold loan range begins from ₹ 1500 and there is no maximum limit. Driven by the invaluable trust and commitment that people have shown in us through centuries, we have created a reputable market image."
Ford Motor,4.5,(3k Reviews),Public,"Dearborn,Michigan + 104 more",120 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Since 1903, Ford Motor Company has built iconic vehicles, including Model T, Continental, Mustang, F-series, and Bronco. We have also manufactured many other products, such as airplanes, radios, refrigerators, postal machines, and weather satellites"
Bajaj Auto,4.0,(2.4k Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 211 more",78 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The Bajaj Group is amongst the top 10 business houses in India. Its footprint stretches over a wide range of industries, spanning automobiles (two-wheelers and three-wheelers), home appliances, lighting, iron and steel, insurance, travel and finance. The group's flagship company, Bajaj Auto, is ranked as the world's fourth largest two- and three- wheeler manufacturer and the Bajaj brand is well-known across several countries in Latin America, Africa, Middle East, South and South East Asia. Founded in 1926, at the height of India's movement for independence from the British, the group has an illustrious history. The integrity, dedication, resourcefulness and determination to succeed which are characteristic of the group today, are often traced back to its birth during those days of relentless devotion to a common cause. Jamnalal Bajaj, founder of the group, was a close confidant and disciple of Mahatma Gandhi. In fact, Gandhiji had adopted him as his son. This close relationship and his deep involvement in the independence movement did not leave Jamnalal Bajaj with much time to spend on his newly launched business venture. We are celebrating 125th Birth anniversary of Shri. Jamnalal Bajaj on 4th of November 2014.  

His son, Kamalnayan Bajaj, then 27, took over the reigns of business in 1942. He too was close to Gandhiji and it was only after Independence in 1947, that he was able to give his full attention to the business. Kamalnayan Bajaj not only consolidated the group, but also diversified into various manufacturing activities. The present Chairman of the group, Rahul Bajaj, took charge of the business in 1965. Under his leadership, the turnover of the Bajaj Auto the flagship company has gone up from INR.72 million to INR. 120 billion, its product portfolio has expanded and the brand has found a global market. He is one of India’s most distinguished business leaders and internationally respected for his business acumen and entrepreneurial spirit."
Nagarjuna Constr...,4.1,(2.6k Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 187 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We started our journey with the name Nagarjuna Construction Company Limited and have progressed consistently, creating significant value for all our stakeholders. In every company’s history, there comes a time when the need arises, to future-proof the identity of the brand to serve unfolding business opportunities.
Today we are not just a construction company. We are a company that contributes to India’s progress through landmark infrastructure projects which demonstrate far-reaching impact - beyond the realm of construction.
We have evolved as a leading mother brand with BOT, Realty and International businesses. The need to change our name was therefore, compelling, to build a better link between the parent company and the group companies. NCC Limited is our chosen new identity, which encompasses all that we do today and aspire to do in the future.
Experiencing impressive growth and achieving synergies, we spread our wings beyond the construction space.
We offer services that cut across multiple divisions to address various facets of infrastructure needs.
As we foray into new divisions, we leverage insights from over three decades of experience in the construction business. These insights coupled with innovative technology lend us a distinct advantage in taking the challenges head-on."
Whitehat jr,3.7,(2.4k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 46 more",5 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Today, in the computer age, less than 1% of schools teach coding in early childhood resulting in a major gap in the requirements of the new world and our children's skills. WhiteHat Jr introduces and prepares your kid from 6-18 years for this new coding world. They learn fundamentals of coding--logic, structure, sequence and algorithmic thinking--to generate creative outcomes like animations and apps. All classes are taught Live 1:1 Online in the comfort of your home by Top 1% of certified teachers and subject matter experts."
Tata Communicati...,4.2,(3.3k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 83 more",37 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Tata Communications is a digital ecosystem enabler that powers today’s fast-growing digital economy.

The Company enables the digital transformation of enterprises globally, including 300 of the Fortune 500 – unlocking opportunities for businesses by enabling borderless growth, boosting product innovation and customer experience, improving productivity and efficiency, building agility and managing risk. With its solutions orientated approach, proven managed service capabilities and cutting-edge infrastructure, Tata Communications drives the next level of intelligence powered by cloud, mobility, Internet of Things (IoT), collaboration, security and network services. 

Tata Communications carries around 30% of the world’s internet routes and connects businesses to 60% of the world’s cloud giants and 4 out of 5 mobile subscribers. The Company’s capabilities are underpinned by its global network, the world’s largest wholly owned subsea fibre backbone and a Tier-1 IP network with connectivity to more than 200 countries and territories. Tata Communications Limited is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange Tata Communications has been a part of the rich heritage of the internet in India. Over the last 25 years, enterprise-enabled services have been essential to the adoption of digital services in the country. From utility to transformation, connectivity is an essential fabric of sustenance for the economy. 

Tata Communications is committed to enabling Industry leaders in this New World of Communications™, with our unique promise of delivering secure connected digital experiences."
GlobalLogic,3.9,(2.4k Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 24 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GlobalLogic is a leader in Digital Product Engineering. We help our clients design and develop innovative software that powers products, platforms, and digital experiences for the modern world. By integrating experience design, software engineering, and vertical industry expertise—we help global brands imagine what's possible and accelerate their transition into tomorrow's digital businesses. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, GlobalLogic operates design studios and engineering centers around the world, extending our deep expertise to customers in the communications, financial services, automotive, healthcare & life sciences, technology, media and entertainment, manufacturing, and semiconductor industries.

GlobalLogic helps brands create value across the entire product lifecycle — not just by developing cutting-edge technology, but also by helping make mature products more relevant to digitally-savvy consumers. By using human-centered design practices, superior engineering skills, and agile delivery -- we help customers re-imagine their business, consumer interactions, and develop innovative products and services, with an accelerated time-to-market.

Global Headquarters in Silicon Valley (San Jose, California) For over 20 years, GlobalLogic has partnered with businesses across every major industry to make amazing products and connect the dots between people, products, and business opportunities. Now, in an increasingly digital world, we place the consumer at the center of every interaction. We show businesses how they can better engage their consumers, innovate within predictable budgets, and bring the next generation of digital products and services to market in the shortest possible time.

Our customers have disrupted industries, opened new markets, and made countless lives better. We are privileged to work with hundreds of future-thinking businesses, including many of the world’s top hardware, software, and consumer brands."
Cholamandalam In...,4.1,(2.4k Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 513 more",45 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited (Chola), incorporated in 1978 as the financial services arm of the Murugappa Group. Chola commenced business as an equipment financing company and has today emerged as a comprehensive financial services provider offering vehicle finance, home loans, home equity loans, SME loans, investment advisory services, stock broking and a variety of other financial services to customers.

Chola operates from 1029 branches across India with assets under management above INR 59,292 Crores. The subsidiaries of Chola are Cholamandalam Securities Limited (CSEC) and Cholamandalam Home Finance Limited (CHFL)."
Muthoot Fincorp,4.0,(2.4k Reviews),Private,"Trivandrum/Thiruvananthapuram,Kerala + 454 more",136 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Muthoot Fincorp Ltd., the flagship company of Muthoot Pappachan Group, is one of the largest NBFCs in India, registered with the Reserve Bank of India. Muthoot Fincorp has over 3500 branches across India with an average walk in of over 75,000 customers per day. The company has a diverse mix of retail offerings catering to the various needs of its customers including Gold Loans, Business Loans, Housing Loan, Auto Loans, Money Transfer, Foreign Exchange, Insurance Services and Wealth Management Services.

Muthoot Fincorp is a provider of mass finance in the form of gold loans. Decades of dedicated research and experience in rural strongholds have enabled the Company to provide quick and customised finance options and investment schemes for millions of customers who do not have access to mainstream commercial banks"
Aditya Birla Fas...,4.3,(3.2k Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 200 more,8 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Ltd. (ABFRL) emerged after the consolidation of the branded apparel businesses of Aditya Birla Group comprising ABNL's Madura Fashion division and ABNL's subsidiaries Pantaloons Fashion and Retail (PFRL) and Madura Fashion & Lifestyle (MFL) in May 2015. Post the consolidation, PFRL was renamed Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Ltd.

ABFRL is a part of the Aditya Birla Group, a US$ 48.3 billion Indian multinational, in the league of Fortune 500. Anchored by an extraordinary force of over 120,000 employees, belonging to 42 nationalities, the Aditya Birla Group operates in 34 countries across the globe."
UnitedHealth,4.2,(4.6k Reviews),Private,"Minnetonka,Minnesota + 12 more",46 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),UnitedHealth Group Information ServicesPvt Ltd.Unitedhealth Group Information ServicesPrivate Limited was founded in 2002. The company's line of business includes providing computer programmingservices.
Capgemini Techno...,4.1,(2.4k Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 25 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
John Deere,4.3,(2.6k Reviews),Private,"Moline,Illinois + 100 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Deere & Company is a world leader in providing advanced products and services and is committed to the success of customers whose work is linked to the land - those who cultivate, harvest, transform, enrich and build upon the land to meet the world's dramatically increasing need for food, fuel, shelter and infrastructure. Since 1837, John Deere has delivered innovative products of superior quality built on a tradition of integrity."
LG Electronics,4.1,(2.4k Reviews),Public,"Seoul,Seoul + 206 more",65 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"LG Electronics India Pvt. Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of LG Electronics, South Korea was established in January 1997 in India. It is one of the most formidable brands in consumer electronics, home appliances, IT hardware and mobile communications space. We transform customers’ inspiration to challenge the existing boundaries with technology and innovation! It enables customers to maximize their potential and enjoy life by empowering them to be more liberated through its innovative & convenient technology solutions.

By proactively sensing and understanding customers’ needs and desires, we create products that are truly intuitive, easy to use and inspire customers to do more. This enables customers to enjoy “Life’s Good” moments all the time. LG is inspired by customers and promises to make life easier and more enjoyable with products, technologies and solutions, which are smart, convenient and intuitive."
Virtusa Consulti...,3.8,(2.4k Reviews),Private,"Southborough,Massachusetts + 23 more",27 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Virtusa Corporation is a global provider of Digital Business Transformation, Digital Engineering, and Information Technology (IT) outsourcing services that accelerate our clients’ journey to their Digital Future. Virtusa serves Global 2000 companies in Banking, Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare, Telecommunications, Media, Entertainment, Travel, Manufacturing, and Technology industries.

Using a combination of digital strategy, digital engineering, business implementation, and IT platform modernization services, Virtusa helps clients execute successful end-to-end digital business transformation initiatives.

Virtusa engages its clients to re-imagine their business models and develop strategies to defend and grow their business by introducing innovative products and services, developing distinctive digital consumer experiences, creating operational efficiency using digital labor, developing operational and IT platforms for the future and rationalizing and modernizing their existing IT applications infrastructure. As a result, its clients are simultaneously able to drive business growth through digital-first customer experiences, while also consolidating and modernizing their IT application infrastructure to support digital business transformation.

Holding a proven record of success across industries, Virtusa readily understands its clients'​ business challenges and uses its domain expertise to deliver innovative applications of technology to address its clients’ critical business challenges. Examples include building the world's largest property & casualty claims modernization program; one of the largest corporate customer portals for a premier global bank; an order to cash implementation for a multinational telecommunications provider; and digital transformation initiatives for media and banking companies.

Founded in 1996 and headquartered in Massachusetts, Virtusa has operations in North America, Europe, and Asia."
SBI Life Insuran...,3.9,(2.3k Reviews),Government,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 443 more",22 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),SBI Life is one of the leading Life Insurance companies in India. We are a joint venture between India’s largest bank State Bank of India and the leading global insurance company BNP Paribas Cardif.
L&T Financial Se...,4.0,(2.3k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 409 more",29 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"L&T Financial Services (LTFS) is one of India’s leading NBFC brands offering a diverse range of financial products and services across rural, housing and infrastructure finance sector. It also offers mutual fund products and investment management services.

Headquartered in Mumbai, it caters to the business requirements of its growing customer base through a nationwide network of branches and meeting centers, a product portfolio covering five different business verticals."
KEC Internationa...,4.1,(2.3k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 214 more",78 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"KEC International Limited, headquartered in Mumbai, India, is the flagship company of the RPG Group. A USD 1.7 billion Engineering, Procurement, and Construction (EPC) major, we deliver projects in key infrastructure sectors such as Power Transmission & Distribution, Railways, Civil, Urban Infrastructure, Solar, Smart Infrastructure, and Cables.

Our robust and integrated capabilities span the entire spectrum of ‘concept to commissioning’. We have successfully executed complex projects across some of the world’s most difficult terrains and conditions aided by robust project management and execution capabilities. We have unrivalled expertise in manufacturing and testing, with a footprint extending across India, Dubai, Brazil, and Mexico. Our vast global presence has enabled a robust and agile supply chain that extends across six continents in over 100 countries."
Swiggy,4.0,(2.6k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 145 more",9 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Swiggy is India’s leading on-demand delivery platform with a tech-first approach to logistics and a solution-first approach to consumer demands. With a presence in 500 cities across India, partnerships with hundreds of thousands of restaurants, an employee base of over 5000, a 2 lakh+ strong independent fleet of Delivery Executives, we deliver unparalleled convenience driven by continuous innovation.

Built on the back of robust ML technology and fuelled by terabytes of data processed every day, Swiggy offers a fast, seamless and reliable delivery experience for millions of customers across India.

From starting out as a hyperlocal food delivery service in 2014, to becoming a logistics hub of excellence today, our capabilities result not only in lightning-fast delivery for customers, but also in a productive and fulfilling experience for our employees.

With Swiggy’s New Supply and the recent launches of Swiggy Instamart, Swiggy Genie and Health Hub, we are consistently making waves in the market, while continually growing the opportunities we offer our people."
Dominos Pizza,4.1,(2.3k Reviews),Public,"Ypsilanti,Michigan + 211 more",63 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"What’s behind one of the world’s top public restaurant brands? Fun and innovative franchise and corporate team members who are driven to win. Inspired to make each day better than the last, people may join for different reasons but what motivates them to stay are the passionate and talented colleagues who want Domino’s to be the best pizza company in every neighborhood. And, we’re having fun doing it! Whether debuting technology firsts, like our voice-ordering iPhone® and Android™ apps, or creating delicious new menu items, we’re dedicated to our customers and focused on making great pizza and more in approximately 16,100 stores in 85 markets around the world. A lot has happened since Domino’s was founded in 1960, but the best part is that the brand is just getting started."
Wipro Consumer ...,3.9,(3k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 77 more",78 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1945 as a Vegetable Oil Company, Wipro Consumer Care & Lighting is one of the fastest growing FMCG companies in India. Sales revenue grew from INR 3.04 Bn to INR 66 Bn + (USD 1Bn) in 2017-18 growing 22 times in last 15 years. Sales Revenue for FY 17-18 stood at USD 1 Billion. International business contributes 51% of the revenue.

Wipro Consumer Care & Lighting has presence in 19 countries predominantly in the Indian Sub-Continent, ASEAN & MENA regions. It has 15 manufacturing units in China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia and Vietnam and has state of the art Research & Development and Innovation Centers in India and Malaysia. The company has a talent base of over 10,000+ people from 15 different nationalities. Women employees constitute nearly 60% of the total work force."
Hetero Drugs,3.8,(2.6k Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 32 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hetero is one of India’s leading generic pharmaceutical companies and is one of the world’s largest producer of anti-retroviral drugs for the treatment of HIV/AIDS. With more than 20 years of expertise in the pharmaceutical industry, Hetero’s strategic business areas include APIs, generics and biosimilars. 
Hetero also offers custom pharmaceutical services to its partners around the world. The company is recognized for its strengths in Research and Development, manufacturing and commercialization of a wide range of products.  
Hetero has more than 25 state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities strategically located worldwide. 
Majority of our facilities have been successfully audited and approved by stringent regulatory authorities like US FDA, EU, TGA-Australia, MCC-South Africa and others. Our portfolio includes more than 200 products, encompassing major therapeutic categories such as HIV/AIDS, Oncology, Cardiovascular, Neurology, Hepatitis, etc"
Motherson Sumi S...,3.9,(3.7k Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 63 more",37 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Samvardhana Motherson Group (SMG) combines the power of innovation and product quality to passionately create world class products that cater to customer needs across diverse industries, especially automotive. Founded in 1975, the Group has a diversified industry-leading portfolio of auto ancillary products and services that make it a full system solutions provider for its customers across the globe. With market leading products ranging from Electrical Distribution Systems, automotive rearview mirrors, polymer processing, lighting systems, air intake manifolds and HVAC systems. SMG’s principal focus is the automotive industry, globally and in India. SMG is a leading supplier to automotive industry globally. It also serves wide number of other industries. The Group recorded a turnover of USD 11.7 billion (approx.) during 2018-19."
Thermax,4.2,(2.5k Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 137 more",43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Thermax’s energy efficient and eco-friendly technologies offer reliable business-to-business partnerships to respond to this critical challenge. They provide the competitive edge to your enterprise to make its mark with superior offerings and community goodwill. 

Thermax Group is an INR 6,123 (876 million US$) crore engineering company providing solutions in the areas of energy and environment.

Thermax’s solutions reach clients in 86 countries across Asia Pacific, Africa, Middle East, Europe, CIS countries, USA and South America. 

We are headquartered in Pune, India and operate globally through 27 International offices and 14 manufacturing facilities - 8 of which are in India and 6 overseas. 

Operating on a wide range of fuels, including biomass and waste from industrial processes, Thermax heating systems help customers achieve higher levels of energy efficiency. 

An established player in captive power plants, Thermax also builds utility power plants.

Through its water and waste management solutions, the company supports industries and civic bodies to reduce pollution, recycle resources and to generate revenue from waste."
Optum,4.1,(2.2k Reviews),Private,Minnesota + 20 more,46 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Optum, part of UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, is a leading information and technology-enabled health services business. Our teams are dedicated to modernizing the health care system and improving the lives of people and communities. 

Serving virtually every dimension of the health system, we work with a diverse set of clients across 150 countries – from those who diagnose and treat patients to those who pay for care, deliver health services, and supply cures. Optum maintains operations across North America, South America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East. 

Our innovative partnerships provide technology and tools that enable unprecedented collaboration and efficiency. As a result, we can tap into valuable health care data to uncover insights and develop strategies for better care at lower costs."
Sodexo,4.1,(2.4k Reviews),Private,Issy Les Moulineaux + 114 more,15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Improving quality of life
Everything we do is about improving people’s daily lives. We believe healthy school meals make kids do better. That relaxed patients recover faster. And organizations with engaged employees perform better. With our unique wide range of integrated services, this is what our On-site, Benefits and Rewards and Personal Home services do every day.

Our conviction is that doing good business in a good way has a powerful positive impact on the 100 million consumers we serve everyday.

We create quality of life when we integrate our unique wide range of On-site, Benefits and Rewards and Personal and Home Services.

From your first day at school, to your workplace, to providing comfortable and safe care facilities in your old age, we’re here to help every step of the way.

Our On-site services encompass food, facilities management and workplace & technical management services.

By doing business in a responsible way, we aid the economic, social and environmental development of everywhere we operate - monitoring progress through Better Tomorrow 2025.We are guided by a strong sense of purpose."
Axis Direct,4.0,(2.3k Reviews),Private,"San Mateo,California + 261 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a part of the lineage of Axis Group and a proud subsidiary of Axis Bank – India’s 3rd largest private sector bank and the choice of more than 16 million clients. Making innovation and passion our motto, we have grown step-by-step in a short span of time. As the Axis Securities team, we are committed to provide the investment solutions and to offer a wide spectrum of Axis bank’s offerings to our customers."
Wipro Infotech,4.0,(2.2k Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 113 more,78 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (Global),"Wipro Infotech, a division of the US $6 billion Wipro Limited, provides enterprise customers with high value Information Technology Products, Software Services, Solutions and Consulting Services in India and the Middle East. Headquartered at Bangalore, Wipro Infotech serves customers in India through a network of 22 offices and 170 service locations across the country. It also has regional offices across the Middle East serving the region."
Abbott Healthcar...,4.1,(4.3k Reviews),Public,"Illinois City,Illinois + 152 more",32 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"From removing the regular pain of fingersticks as people manage their diabetes to connecting patients to doctors with real-time information monitoring their hearts, from easing chronic pain and movement disorders to testing half the world’s blood donations to ensure a healthy supply, our purpose is to make the world a better place by bringing life-changing health technologies to the people who need them. That’s our commitment to helping you live your best life."
Intas Pharmaceut...,4.3,(2.2k Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 103 more",23 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Intas is a leading, vertically integrated global pharmaceutical formulation development, manufacturing and marketing company headquartered in India.
In the domestic market, Intas enjoys leadership position in chronic therapies such as Neurology, Psychiatry, Cardiovasculars, Diabetes, Oncology, Urology, Nephrology, Rheumatology & Gynecology, Infertility, Gastroenterology, Pain Management and healthy presence in other major therapeutic segments.

Besides well-established domestic prominence, Intas is also present in more than 80 countries worldwide with robust sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure in markets like North America, Europe, Central & Latin America, Africa, Australia, New Zealand, Asia-Pacific as well as CIS and MENA countries. Intas' global strategy includes alliances with leading Global Pharma Companies for development and distribution of products as well as direct product distribution. The company is known for its range of products in Oncology and other hospital based therapeutic segments in the EU and US. After the landmark acquisition of Teva's assets, Intas has become a leading player in the generics market in the UK."
Ekart Logistics,4.2,(2.2k Reviews),Private,"San Francisco,California + 441 more",14 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"India's leading logistics and supply chain arm. We started operations in 2009 as Flipkart’s in-house supply chain arm. Our consistent excellence in consumer experience, with reliable delivery and managing variability at scale, has made us the preferred partner for various businesses. You can utilise our end-to-end fulfilment services to keep your customers happy with on-time deliveries and hassle-free services."
Macleods Pharmac...,3.9,(2.2k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 76 more",37 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"A Vertically Integrated Global Pharmaceutical CompanyHaving a vision to provide quality healthcare to humanity and with special focus on essential and difficult to make medicines, Macleods Pharmaceuticals Ltd, was incorporated in 1986.Macleods has enjoyed rapid growth in the recent years, growing at an average growth rate of over 22% for the past 5 years.Macleods with its experience spanning more than two decades has emerged as a force to reckon with in global pharmaceutical market. With an asset of more than 10,000 professionally qualified employees across the globe, Macleods a multiple location organization, is based out of Mumbai, India.With expertise in range of formulations ranging from tablets to sterile dosage form and from inhalation to novel drug delivery system, Macleods is currently ranked 10th (on mat basis source IMS) in Indian Pharmaceutical Industry and is recognized as one of the fastest growing pharmaceutical company in India. Pioneering efforts of Macleods in providing medications for both chronic and acute therapy, with world- class state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities approved by various regulatory authorities of many countries and well equipped R&D, analytical and bioequivalence center audited by various regulatory authorities makes Macleods truly a global pharmaceutical company"
Subros,4.0,(2.2k Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 35 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Subros Limited, founded in 1985 as a joint venture public limited company with 40% ownership by Suri family of India and 13% ownership by Denso Corporation & Suzuki Motor Corporation each. It is the leading manufacturer of thermal products for automotive applications in India, in technical collaboration with Denso. The company has grown from a capacity of 15,000 AC units in 1985 comprising of largely an assembly operation, into the largest and only integrated manufacturing unit in India for Auto Air Conditioning systems. Subros manufactures compressors, Condensers, Heat Exchangers and all connecting elements required to complete AC loop and caters to all segments viz. Passenger Vehicles, Buses, Trucks, Refrigeration Transport, off- roaders & Railways. Subros has manufacturing plants at Noida (2 nos.), Manesar, Pune, Chennai and Sanand with an annual capacity of 1.5 Million AC Kits per annum beside a well equipped R&D Center and Tool Room at Noida."
Varun Beverages,4.0,(2.2k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 209 more",28 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Varun Beverages Limited (VBL or Company) is a key player in the beverage industry and one of the largest franchisees of PepsiCo in the world (outside the USA). 

The Company produces and distributes a wide range of carbonated soft drinks (CSDs), as well as a large selection of non-carbonated beverages (NCBs), including packaged drinking water sold under trademarks owned by PepsiCo. PepsiCo CSD brands produced and sold by VBL include Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, Seven-Up, Mirinda Orange, Mirinda Lemon, Mountain Dew, Mountain Dew Ice, Seven-Up Nimbooz Masala Soda, Evervess, Sting, Gatorade, and Slice Fizzy Drinks. PepsiCo NCB brands produced and sold by the Company include Tropicana Slice, Tropicana Juices (100%, Delight, Essentials), Nimbooz, as well as packaged drinking water under the brand Aquafina.

VBL has been associated with PepsiCo since the 1990s and has over two and half decades consolidated its business association with PepsiCo, increasing the number of licensed territories and sub-territories covered by the Company, producing and distributing a wider range of PepsiCo beverages, introducing various SKUs in the portfolio, and expanding the distribution network. As of date, VBL has been granted franchises for various PepsiCo products across 27 States and 7 Union Territories in India. VBL has 31 manufacturing plants in India and 6 manufacturing plants in international geographies (two in Nepal and one each in Sri Lanka, Morocco, Zambia, and Zimbabwe).

VBL’s share of PepsiCo beverages volume sales increased from ~ 26% in Fiscal 2011 to 85%+ now. Although India is VBL’s largest market, it has also been granted the franchise for various PepsiCo products for the territories of Nepal, Sri Lanka, Morocco, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.

VBL is part of the RJ Corp group, a diversified business conglomerate with interests in beverages, quick-service restaurants, dairy, and healthcare. VBL’s Promoter and Chairman Mr. Ravi Kant Jaipuria has an established reputation as an entrepreneur and business leader and is the only Indian to receive PepsiCo’s International Bottler of the Year award, which was awarded in 1997. He was also awarded the ‘Distinguished Entrepreneurship Award’ at the PHD Annual Awards for Excellence 2018."
Automatic Data P...,4.2,(2.1k Reviews),New Jersey + 13 more,74 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"ADP India is India’s leading provider of compliance expertise across every state. We are a subsidiary of ADP Inc., the leading Human Capital Management solution provider in the world.

ADP India partners with organisations across the Asia-Pacific region by offering highly-configurable Payroll and Statutory Compliance solutions. ADP India also offers solutions for critical functions such as Leave Management Systems and Time & Attendance for organisations of any size.

Our solutions are fueled with the latest technology, keeping in mind our clients’ continuous needs for scalability, data security, disaster recovery and uninterrupted business continuity.

ADP also offers a multi-country solution supported by locally established resources, rooted in over 68 years of industry expertise."
Piramal Capital ...,4.3,(2.1k Reviews),Mumbai + 253 more,3 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"Piramal Capital & Housing Finance (PCHF), a wholly owned subsidiary of Piramal Enterprises Limited (the flagship company of Piramal Group), is registered as a housing finance company with National Housing Bank (NHB) and engaged in various financial services businesses. It provides both wholesale and retail funding opportunities across sectors. 

In real estate, the platform provides housing finance and other financing solutions across the entire capital stack ranging from early-stage private equity, structured debt, senior secured debt, construction finance, and Flexi lease rental discounting. Hospitality sector financing is a recent foray of PCHF. 

Here we are providing financing solutions to hotels that will be operated by branded players in established and emerging markets. The wholesale business in the non-real estate sector includes separate verticals - Corporate Finance Group (CFG) and Emerging Corporate Lending (ECL). CFG provides customized funding solutions to companies across sectors such as infrastructure, renewable energy, roads, industrials, auto components, etc. while ECL focuses on lending to Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs)."
VE Commercial Ve...,4.0,(2.1k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 106 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"VE Commercial Vehicles Limited is a joint venture between the Volvo Group (Volvo) and Eicher Motors Limited (EML), headquartered at New Delhi since July 2008. It is a partnership that brings together global leadership in technology, quality, safety, and environmental care, and aims at driving modernization in the commercial transportation, both in India as well as other developing markets.The first Eicher truck was rolled out from its manufacturing plant at Pithampur, Madhya Pradesh in 1986, and after completing 33 years of operations in June 2019, the products have got endorsement from happy customers of over 7,41,786 vehicle"
L&T Technology S...,3.4,(2.1k Reviews),Public,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujarat + 25 more",11 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) is a global leader in Engineering and R&D (ER&D) services. With 470+ patents filed for 51 of the Global Top 100 ER&D spenders, LTTS lives and breathes engineering. Our innovations speak for itself – World’s 1st Autonomous Welding Robot, Solar ‘Connectivity’ Drone, and the Smartest Campus in the World, to name a few."
Hindustan Coca C...,4.4,(2.1k Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 176 more,26 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"HCCB – a company started in 1997 with the simple aim of making beverages for the India of the 21st century. Two decades later, we are one of India’s top FMCG companies. Only because fellow Indians, who have faith in the quality and purity of our products, pick our beverages, 477 times per second.

What we do?

Manufacturing
Our 18 factories, spread across India, manufacture the beverages that India wants. And if it is about India, we better make the best. With stringent processes, world-class machines, state-of-the-art equipment, and the best packaging materials, we make 55 different beverage products in multiple categories.

Packaging
At a very basic and functional level, they help keep your favourite beverages, safe, hygienic and consistent. At their most evolved, they can be ambassadors of goodwill and messengers of change. Packages are an integral part of the HCCB story.

Distribution
HCCB – where warehousing and logistics integrates seamlessly with manufacturing and planning. Because when it is about serving 442 beverages per second, across 493 districts, through 20 lakh retailers, supply chain and distribution capability holds the mirror on us."
Randstad,4.0,(2.1k Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 206 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We live in a post-digital age, an era of constant technological change, transforming rapidly the way we live, work and relate to each other. Technology has become an everyday component in our lives; it is the invisible engine that powers the world around us. In a 24/7 economy, clients have different needs. The way they work is changing and this also influences the skills and talent they need. New, digital HR solutions and tools are disrupting our market by drastically changing the way people connect to jobs and the role we play in this space. Clients and candidates expect to be served anywhere, anytime, and through any device, in a way we never imagined possible before, influencing the way we work.
Therefore, Randstad is investing heavily in new technologies, making a giant leap forward into the world of tech. We are acquiring external knowledge and expertise through acquisitions and the Randstad Innovation Fund, and innovating through our Digital Factory. It will enable us to shape our new role and ensure our leading position in an industry becoming predominantly digital and data driven.
Where others brace for disruption, we see underlying continuity. Our ongoing journey is not just about digital transformation. While innovative technology will be necessary for connecting clients and candidates in the future, improving our tools is not the end of the story. Offering a seamless digital experience is only the price of entry – what matters most and will have a greater impact than ever before is our unique added value: the human touch we bring to the table. In a fast changing digital world clients and candidates want a trusted human partner. It is here, at the intersection between technology and humanity, where we can distinguish ourselves from our competitors by delivering a true human experience."
Bharat Electroni...,4.2,(2.1k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 33 more",69 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"In 1954, in a newly independent India, the need was utmost to develop indigenous industry. The dream of a self-reliant India gave birth to many Public Sector Undertakings. Bharat Electronics Limited (BEL) was one such dream, which has come a long way since then with the far-sighted vision of its pioneers, the dedication and hard work of its employees, support and faith of its customers and the Government of India. The Government’s clarion call for ‘Make in India’ resonates with what BEL has been successfully doing for over 6 decades.

From humble beginnings in 1954, when BEL was set up in association with CSF, France (now, Thales), to manufacture basic communication equipment, BEL now produces a wide range of state-of-the-art equipment in fields such as Defence Communication, Radars, Naval Systems, C4I Systems, Weapon Systems, Homeland Security, Telecom & Broadcast Systems, Electronic Warfare, Tank Electronics, Electro Optics, Professional Electronic Components and Solar Photovoltaic Systems, BEL also provides turnkey system solutions. Civilian products from BEL include Electronic Voting Machines, Tablet PC, solar-powered traffic signal systems and Access Control Systems.

Starting from a single Unit in Jalahalli, Bangalore, BEL has established its presence across the country by setting up eight other Units – in Ghaziabad, Pune, Machilipatnam, Panchkula, Kotdwara, Navi Mumbai, Chennai and Hyderabad. Each Unit has a specific product mix and customer focus. BEL has also set up a wide network of offices and service centres countrywide as well as two overseas offices – at New York and Singapore.

BEL was established to meet the specialized electronic equipment requirements of the Indian Defence Services. While this continues to be its prime focus, the Company has a significant presence in the civilian market, too. BEL exports some of its products and services to a number of countries as well."
Pidilite Industr...,4.3,(2.2k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 191 more",64 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Pidilite is a consumer centric company committed to quality and innovation. For decades, we have been pioneering products for small to large applications, at home and industry, which have forged strong bonds with people from all walks of life.

From adhesives, sealants, waterproofing solutions and construction chemicals to arts & crafts, industrial resins, polymers and more, our product portfolio is as diverse as it is ever-evolving. Today, our brands are trusted household and industrial names, and we are the market leader in adhesives.

A robust and growing network makes our products accessible across demographics and geographies.

We also embrace our responsibility towards the community through social initiatives in rural development, education and healthcare."
Alembic Pharmace...,4.1,(2k Reviews),Public,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujrat + 115 more",116 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Established in 1907, Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited is a leading pharmaceutical company in India. The Company is vertically integrated with the ability to develop, manufacture and market pharmaceutical products, pharmaceutical substances and Intermediates. Alembic is the market leader in the Macrolides segment of anti-infective drugs in India.
Alembic's manufacturing facilities are located in Vadodara and Baddi in Himachal Pradesh. The plant at Vadodara has the largest fermentation capacity in India. The Panelav facility houses the API and formulation manufacturing (both US FDA approved) plants. The plant at Baddi, Himachal Pradesh manufactures formulations for the domestic and non-regulated export market. The company has a state of the art Research Centre at Vadodara."
CARS24,3.7,(2.1k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 131 more",8 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"CARS24 is transforming the way India buys and sells cars.We, at CARS24, strive to revolutionize the pre-owned cars'? market by providing disruptive solutions and services for a happy, hassle-free and simple car selling experience. Using advanced Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence based auctions, we enable our channel partners across the country to participate in auctions for each car, ensuring the best deals for our customers.We love cars and the joy, excitement and memories it brings along with it. So, when you drive to a CARS24, you get to keep the beautiful memories of your car and leave the worries of selling to us.At CARS24, we don’t buy used cars. We buy Your Cars."
Indian Air Force,4.6,(2k Reviews),Private,"New Delhi,Delhi + 100 more",91 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),The Indian Air Force is the air arm of the Indian Armed Forces. Its complement of personnel and aircraft assets ranks fourth amongst the air forces of the world. Its primary mission is to secure Indian airspace and to conduct aerial warfare during armed conflict.
Havells,4.2,(2.2k Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 140 more",40 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Havells India Limited is a leading Fast Moving Electrical Goods (FMEG) Company and a major power distribution equipment manufacturer with a strong global presence. Havells enjoys enviable market dominance across a wide spectrum of products, including Industrial & Domestic Circuit Protection Devices, Cables & Wires, Motors, Fans, Modular Switches, Home Appliances, Air Conditioners, Electric Water Heaters, Power Capacitors, Luminaires for Domestic, Commercial and Industrial Applications."
Cgi Group,4.1,(2.1k Reviews),Private,"Montreal,Quebec + 13 more",47 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Founded in 1976, CGI is among the largest IT and business consulting services firms in the world. We are insights-driven and outcome-based to help accelerate returns on your IT and business investments.

In all we do, our goal is to build trusted relationships through client proximity, providing industry and technology expertise to help you meet the needs of your customers and citizens."
Alkem Laboratori...,4.0,(2k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 125 more",50 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"A single idea, which sprouts from a human mind, contains the potential to create marvels that can influence generations. It can redefine rules, it can transform the world. Back in the year 1973, a team of individuals came with such an idea – The idea called Alkem. It was highly potent and resilient, like a spark that could ignite a thousand more ideas. And it did!Looking back at our 4 decade, illustrious journey, that one small idea has Not only triggered us to become one of India’s largest generic and specialty pharmaceutical company but also, create a foothold in over 50 countries32% of our revenue is generated via offshore sales. As well as we have consistently been ranked amongst the top ten pharmaceutical companies in India. Our portfolio includes illustrious brands like Clavam, Pan, Pan-D and Taxim-O, which feature amongst top 50 pharmaceutical brands in India. For over a decade, our dominance in anti-infective segment has remained unchallenged.We have 21 manufacturing facilities at multiple locations in India and the United States of America. Our upper-crest facilities are inspected and audited as per cGMP guidelines as laid down by leading regulatory authorities such as USFDA, MHRA - UK, SAHPRA-South Africa, TGA - Australia, ANVISA - Brazil, WHO - Geneva, TPD - Health Canada, PPB - Kenya, NDA - Uganda, MOH - Sudan, INVIMA - Colombia, TFDA - Tanzania, Zimbabwe, BfArM-Germany & Other Africa, Asian & CIS Countries."
American Express,4.4,(2k Reviews),Private,"New York City,New York + 35 more",173 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Since our earliest days, we’ve strived to find new ways to enrich our customers’ lives, have their backs and provide our special brand of service, in ways both big and small.

Even as our business transformed – from freight forwarding to travel to cards to innovative digital products and services – one thing has remained constant: our unwavering commitment to earn our customers’ loyalty for the long haul.

That standard of excellence guides us today. We promise to understand, respect and back our customers, and help them on their personal journeys. Because when our customers thrive, so do we."
Glenmark Pharmac...,4.1,(2k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 119 more",46 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Glenmark is a leading global innovative pharmaceutical company committed to enriching lives worldwide. Our vision is to discover possibilities and make lives of patients better across the globe by developing cures for unmet medical needs. We have a rich pipeline of innovative molecules in various phases of development which are targeted in areas of oncology, respiratory and dermatology."
CMS IT Services,3.1,(2k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 123 more",9 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"As one of India’s top IT services firms, CMS IT services has support infrastructure spread across 30 branches and 220 direct support locations in India. CMS IT provides complete solutions to large corporations across all sectors, including banking, insurance, retail, telecom and manufacturing.
CMS IT provides new, cost-effective and cutting-edge IT infrastructure solutions that are reliable, resilient and responsive.
CMS IT Managed Services includes high quality, end-to-end IT infrastructure solutions to cost-effectively manage your IT operations efficiently. CMS IT Asset Management Services provides innovative technology support solutions.
CMS IT Support Services ensures that the functioning of your systems is optimized with end user support and data center management. CMS IT System Integration Services includes cutting edge solutions to install and integrate hardware and software to manage complex IT implementation projects successfully"
NatWest Group,4.1,(2.2k Reviews),Government,Gurgaon/Gurugram + 20 more,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"NatWest Group has a leading retail business and is the largest business and commercial bank in the UK. We offer market-leading digital capabilities combined with expert human support to personal customers, and we are the biggest supporter of the business sector – banking around 1 in 4 businesses across the UK and Ireland, from start-ups to multinationals."
Deutsche Bank,4.2,(2.2k Reviews),Private,Frankfurt + 29 more,153 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Deutsche Bank is the leading German bank with strong European roots and a global network. The bank focuses on its strengths in a Corporate Bank newly created in 2019, a leading Private Bank, a focused investment bank, and asset management.

We provide banking services to companies, governments, institutional investors, small and medium-sized businesses, and private individuals. Deutsche Bank was founded in 1870 to accompany German businesses into the world. We’ve worked across borders ever since.

We have established strong bases in all major emerging markets, and therefore have good prospects for business growth in fast-growing economies, including the Asia Pacific region, Central and Eastern Europe, and Latin America. In Europe, we are well placed to benefit from the aforementioned resilient conditions in our home market, Germany, and from continued strong levels of corporate activity in the euro zone."
Gati kwe,4.1,(2k Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 148 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Gati-KWE is an unmatched leader in Express Distribution and Supply Chain Solutions, committed to make their customers’ business always ‘Ahead in reach’ while partnering with them to elegantly customize the delivery offering.

Gati-Kintetsu Express Private Limited (Gati-KWE) is a joint venture company between Gati – India’s pioneer and leader in Express Distribution and Supply Chain Solutions and Kintetsu World Express Japan’s leading logistics provider. Following the joint venture Gati-KWE today offers an unmatched service offering that brings in local experience with global expertise. Gati-KWE is a 5500 people strong company with an annual turnover of Rs 15273 million.

An intrinsic network that spans the length and breadth of India – Gati-KWE has a reach of more than 99% of districts in India. A large fleet of more than 5000 vehicles and an assured space across 32 airline sectors ensures that your shipments are delivered in the right time at the right place.

Gati-KWE today is the most preferred Express Distribution and Supply Chain Solutions provider because of the ability to handle every distribution need. Gati-KWE offers services that are customized to the requirements, be it a Premium service – for time critical shipments or an Express Service for cost effective and direct express route connectivity. Taking a step forward, Gati-KWE’s Supply Chain Solution division offers an integrated Supply Chain services to businesses across industry verticals. Be it flexible point-to-point distribution solutions or complex end-to-end integrated logistics solutions or supply chain management, Gati-KWE does it all with great effectiveness and reliability, and enjoys the trust of a large customer base."
Atos,3.8,(7.2k Reviews),Private,"Vilnius,Vilniaus Apskritis + 30 more",26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Atos’ history spans a century, from Fredrik Rosing Bull first creating the tabulating machine to Europe’s number one digital services provider.

Every day our 110,000 people in 73 countries are developing and implementing innovative digital solutions that support the business transformation of clients and address the environmental and social challenges we all face.

Atos is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and operates under the brands Atos, Atos Syntel, and Unify. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea), listed on the CAC40 Paris stock index."
Honda Motorcycle...,4.2,(2k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 176 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Honda is the world’s largest manufacturer of two wheelers, Recognized over the world as the symbol of Honda Two Wheelers, the ‘Wings’ arrived in India as Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India Pvt. Ltd. (HMSI), a 100% subsidiary of Honda Motor Company Ltd., Japan, in 1999. Since its establishment in 1999 at Manesar, District Gurgaon, Haryana, Honda has lived up to its reputation of offering the highest quality products at the most reasonable price. Despite being one of the youngest players in the Indian two-wheelers market, Honda has become the largest two wheeler manufacturer as well as the second largest two-wheelers company in India."
Ipca Laboratorie...,4.0,(2k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 98 more",74 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"For more than 60 years, Ipca has been partnering healthcare globally in over 110 countries and in markets as diverse as Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe and the US. Ipca is a fully-integrated Indian pharmaceutical company manufacturing over 350 formulations and 80 APIs for various therapeutic segments. We are one of the world's largest manufacturers and suppliers of over a dozen APIs. These are produced right from the basic stage at manufacturing facilities inspected by the world's most discerning drug regulatory authorities like US-FDA, UK-MHRA, EDQM-Europe, WHO-Geneva and many more. Ipca is a therapy leader in India for anti-malarials with a market-share of over 34% with a fast expanding presence in the international market as well. We also lead in DMARDs (Disease Modifying Anti-Rheumatic Drugs) treatment for rheumatoid arthritis. We have leading brands in 5 therapeutic areas, with 4 of our branded formulations being ranked among the Top-300 Indian brands by ORG-IMS."
ABB Group,4.1,(2k Reviews),Public,Zurich + 83 more,35 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"ABB is a technology leader in electrification and automation, enabling a more sustainable and resource-efficient future. The company’s solutions connect engineering know-how and software to optimize how things are manufactured, moved, powered, and operated. 

Building on more than 130 years of excellence, ABB’s 105,000 employees are committed to driving innovations that accelerate industrial transformation."
DCB Bank,4.0,(2k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 258 more",93 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"DCB Bank is a modern emerging new generation private sector bank with 333 branches across 19 states and 3 union territories. It is a scheduled commercial bank regulated by the Reserve Bank of India. It is professionally managed and governed. DCB Bank has contemporary technology and infrastructure including state of the art internet banking for personal as well as business banking customers.DCB Bank’s business segments are Retail, micro-SME, SME, mid-Corporate, Agriculture, Commodities, Government, Public Sector, Indian Banks, Co-operative Banks and Non Banking Finance Companies (NBFC). DCB Bank has approximately 600,000 customers.DCB Bank’s network of 331 plus state-of-the-art, customer friendly branches are across the states of Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Delhi/ NCR, Goa, Gujarat, Haryana, Karnataka, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Odisha, Punjab, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, West Bengal and Union Territories of Chandigarh, Daman & Diu and Dadra & Nagar Haveli.DCB Bank has deep roots in India since its inception in 1930s. Its promoter and promoter group the Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development (AKFED) & Platinum Jubilee Investments Ltd. holds below 15% stake. AKFED is an international development enterprise. It is dedicated to promoting entrepreneurship and building economically sound companies"
DTDC Express,3.9,(2k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 195 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1990 and headquartered at Bangalore, DTDC has 7 Zonal offices, 20 strategically located Regional Offices and over 430 operating facilities spread across India. DTDC has now embarked upon its journey of transforming its identity from an Express Document Player to an Integrated Parcels driven business through its strategic partnership with Geopost's DPD group - Europe's second largest Parcels Delivery player. The brand name is now being re-christened to DTDC Express Limited as the company focuses to enhance their expertise in the logistics sector under their Vision 2020 program.The strategy behind the repositioning of the brand is to project DTDC as a complete express logistics player that delivers significant value in the markets that it operates in across the globe. DTDC Express Limited has its presence in more than 500 district headquarters through its large network of more than 10500 franchisees and extends services to over 10,500 Pin codes while handling more than 12 million shipments every month.

DTDC Express Limited also has a significant global footprint and services 240 international locations including USA, UK, Canada, UAE, Hong Kong, Australia, China and all Asian countries, through its own operations, joint ventures and business associates. A key part of the success of DTDC’s network is the contribution of its people. It comprises of a family of 35,000 people including employees, franchisees and their associates who are committed to its spirit of service."
Hindalco Industr...,4.2,(2.1k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 67 more",65 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Hindalco Industries Limited is the metals flagship company of the Aditya Birla Group. A US$18 billion metals powerhouse, Hindalco is an industry leader in aluminium and copper.

Hindalco’s acquisition of Aleris Corporation in April 2020, through its subsidiary Novelis Inc., has cemented the company's position as the world’s largest flat-rolled products player and recycler of aluminium.

Hindalco’s state-of-art copper facility comprises a world-class copper smelter and a fertiliser plant along with a captive jetty. The copper smelter is among Asia's largest custom smelters at a single location.

In India, the company’s aluminium units across the country encompass the gamut of operations from bauxite mining, alumina refining, coal mining, captive power plants and aluminium smelting to downstream rolling, extrusions and foils. Today, Hindalco ranks among the global aluminium majors as an integrated producer and a footprint in 9 countries outside India.

The Birla Copper unit produces copper cathodes and continuous cast copper rods, along with other by-products, including gold, silver, and DAP fertilisers. It is India’s largest private producer of gold.

Hindalco has been accorded Star Trading House status in India. Its aluminium is accepted for delivery under the High-Grade Aluminium Contract on the London Metal Exchange (LME), while its copper quality is also registered on the LME with Grade A accreditation."
Shoppers Stop,4.3,(2k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 55 more",32 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Shoppers Stop stores have an unparalleled assortment of leading international and national brands in clothing for men, women, and kids, accessories, fragrances, cosmetics, footwear; home furnishing and decor products. The stores aim to provide shoppers a truly international shopping destination.

Shoppers Stop has experienced and professional team that follows practices and systems which are world-class. The associates are passionate about providing the customers the best shopping experience. This vision has helped Shoppers Stop to grow from a single store in 1991 to the largest chain of department stores in India today.

At Shoppers Stop the belief is in providing a fantastic shopping experience to the customers and setting benchmarks to gain success"
Simplex Infrastr...,3.6,(2.1k Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 121 more",99 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Simplex Infrastructures Ltd. is a diversified company established in 1924 and executing projects in several sectors like Transport, Energy & Power, Mining, Buildings, Marine, Real Estate etc.

Simplex is one of the construction leaders in India for nearly 90 years executing projects with consistent quality assurance, cost control and adherence to milestones in a safe environment as per the customer requirements. It promotes the culture of sharing rich and varied experience with staff members, as also with clients and thereby benefits and helps the growth of the construction fraternity and society at large.

The Company has been closely associated with the country’s infrastructure building with over 2600 completed projects spanning almost all the gamut of construction industry."
Reliance Nippon ...,3.9,(1.9k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 392 more",23 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Reliance Nippon Life Insurance Company is a part of Reliance Capital , one of India's leading private sector financial services companies, which ranks among the top private sector financial services and non-banking companies, in terms of net worth. Reliance Capital has interests in asset management and mutual funds, stock broking, life & general insurance, proprietary investments, private equity and other activities in financial services.
Reliance Nippon Life Insurance Company is amongst the leading private sector life insurance companies in India in terms of individual WRP (weighted received premium) and new business WRP. The company is one of the largest non-bank supported private life insurers with over 10 million policyholders, a strong distribution network of 727 branches and more than 55,492 advisors as on March 31, 2019"
Team Lease,4.0,(1.9k Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 224 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"TeamLease Services is one of India’s leading human resource companies offering a range of solutions to 3500+ employers for their hiring, productivity and scale challenges. A Fortune India 500 company listed on the NSE & BSE, Teamlease has hired 17 lac people over the last 17 years and has 2 lac+ open jobs everyday. One of India’s fastest growing employers, Teamlease also operates India’s first Vocational University and India’s fastest growing PPP National Apprenticeship Program. The company offers solutions to large, medium and small clients across the 3Es of employment (1.5 lac+ employees), employability (2 lac+ students) and Ease-of-doing Business (1000+ employers).

The Company in partnership with the Government of Gujarat set up TeamLease Skills University (TLSU), India’s first vocational university, at Vadodara. In FY2015, TeamLease rolled out NETAP (National Employability through Apprenticeship Program) to provide on-the-job training to apprentices. The company at present has nearly 2,00,000 associates/trainees spread across the country in 6,600+ locations and has till date given employment to 1.7+ million people with an aim to hire millions more.

At TeamLease, we believe the 3E (Employment, Employability and Ease of Doing Business) opportunity model is the foundation for our sustainable growth. We have aligned our strategies to capitalize on the opportunities rising around these three fundamentals."
Conduent,3.6,(1.9k Reviews),Private,"Florham Park,New Jersey + 18 more",6 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"As one of the original pioneers in business process outsourcing (BPO) and a leader today, Conduent has deep and diversified expertise across a range of industries and business process outsourcing solutions. We help businesses and governments provide essential services to millions of people every day while making a measurable impact on their operations.

Whether it’s serving nearly 75% of insured lives in the U.S., delivering 60 million seamless employee interactions, driving 99% customer satisfaction, reducing traffic congestion by 15%, or supporting nearly 49 million Medicaid recipients annually, our solutions and services positively impact the lives of millions of people every day and help end users interact with our clients in ways that are more personalized, seamless and satisfying.

Our associates around the globe are motivated and energized by the positive difference they make in the lives of the people and communities we serve."
Arvind Group,4.1,(2.3k Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 122 more",92 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We are a fashion powerhouse that is also building new age homes.We are a global leader in apparel manufacturing that is also transforming water management. A denim pioneer that is a trailblazer in advanced materials.A wearable technology manufacturer that is also delivering state-of-the-art engineering solutions.
That’s where a US$ 1.7 billion dollar conglomerate stands today.Where we aren’t just driven by bottom lines and profits, but able and willing to drive social impact;
Where our CSR and sustainability initiatives are slowly but surely changing lives and making a difference to thousands.From being just a textile company, we’ve come a long way and are striving every day to create opportunities where none exist."
24/7 Customer,3.6,(1.9k Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 21 more",23 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"[24]7.ai is redefining the way companies interact with consumers. Using artificial
intelligence and machine learning to understand consumer intent, the company’s
technology helps companies create a personalized, predictive, and effortless customer experience across all channels. The world’s largest and most recognizable brands are using intent-driven engagement from [24]7.ai to assist several hundred million visitors annually, through more than 1.5 billion conversations, most of which are automated. The result is an order of magnitude improvement in digital adoption, customer satisfaction, and revenue growth."
Maersk,4.4,(2.4k Reviews),Private,Copenhagen + 23 more,119 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"A.P. Moller - Maersk is an integrated container logistics company working to connect and simplify its customers’ supply chains. As the global leader in shipping services, the company operates in 130 countries and employs roughly 93,000 people.

At Maersk, we want to be pioneers in logistics. We’re embarking on a bold new direction, expanding our capabilities to become a truly end-to-end logistics service that can deliver intelligent solutions for customers around the world.

Doing so requires us to reinvent global logistics with technology and data. As we rapidly digitise our business and build our capabilities across the world, this is your chance to work on projects that will get us there, bringing innovation and collaboration together."
Indian Oil Corpo...,4.4,(2.1k Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 191 more",64 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Indian Oil is India's #1 oil refiner. Of India's 20 refineries, the company owns 10, which have a combined capacity of 67.7 million metric tons per year (34% of India's total refining capacity). The group also owns more than 10,900 kilometers of pipeline and operates a chain of some 18,640 gas stations across India. India's largest commercial enterprise, Indian Oil has 71% of India's downstream pipeline throughput capacity, and its network of 35,600 retail outlets represents 49% of the country's petroleum products market share. The group also provides cooking gas to more than 50 million households. The company also has a 63% market share of India aviation fuel sector."
Suzlon Group,4.1,(1.9k Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 88 more",28 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Suzlon Group is among the world's leading renewable energy solutions provider that is revolutionising and redefining the way sustainable energy sources are harnessed across the world. Present in 18 countries across Asia, Australia, Europe, Africa and the Americas, Suzlon is powering a greener tomorrow with its strong competencies in renewable energy systems. Suzlon’s extensive range of robust and reliable products backed by its cutting-edge R&D and more than two decades of expertise are designed to ensure optimum performance, higher yields and maximum return on investment for the customers.

Sustainable development is the creed that underpins Suzlon’s bespoke initiatives to protect the environment, strengthen communities and propel responsible growth. Suzlon is headquartered in One Earth - Pune, which is a Platinum LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environment Design) certified and GRIHA 5 star rated campus and is also among the greenest corporate campuses in the world."
McDonald's,4.3,(1.9k Reviews),Private,"Chicago,Illinois + 125 more",68 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"McDonald’s is the world’s leading global foodservice retailer with over 37,000 locations in over 100 countries.  More than 90% of McDonald’s restaurants worldwide are owned and operated by independent local business men and women.
 
McDonald's & our franchisees employ 1.9 million people worldwide.

We serve the world some of its favorite foods - World Famous Fries, Big Mac, Quarter Pounder, Chicken McNuggets and Egg McMuffin"
Standard Charter...,4.0,(3.7k Reviews),Private,London + 56 more,54 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We offer banking services that help people and companies to succeed, creating wealth and growth across our markets. Our heritage and values are expressed in our brand promise – Here for good.

With more than 86,000 employees and a presence in 60 markets, our network serves customers in close to 150 markets worldwide. We're listed on the London and Hong Kong Stock Exchanges as well as the Bombay and National Stock Exchanges in India."
Vishal Mega Mart,3.8,(1.9k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 270 more",15 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Vishal Mega Mart, one of the pioneers of retailing in India, is represented through its 322 brick and mortar stores across the length and breadth of the country. We strive to make the aspirations of our customers affordable. Having said that we do everything that can take us nearer to our goal. Our proposition -best price, best assortment and best quality makes us unique among the millions of our customers who give us a chance to service them daily. While our stores house groceries, FMCG, fashion, household, electronics among other categories, we are currently online with fashion apparel only catering to men, women & kids Fashion. Our assortments online include Jeans, t-shirts, tops, casual shirts, formal shirts, trousers, ethnic wear, active wear and many more.

At myvishal.com, we encourage you to indulge yourself more on online shopping with your choices of fashion assortment for all ages. What set us apart and unique is the right pricing with no compromise in quality in its products and services. With the most friendly return policy, you can visit any of our stores across India and return your order if you are not satisfied with them.

Vishal is sharply focused at the needs of consumers in Apparel, General Merchandise, Grocery and Personal Care in Tier-1, Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities and towns and is dedicated to offer the best value and choice to its millions of customers."
Muthoot Group,3.7,(4.8k Reviews),Public,"Wedel,Schleswig-holstein + 330 more",136 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Muthoot Group is a flourishing business empire that has pervaded into each and every big & small town of the country, is home to 20 diversified divisions and 4500 plus branches with a global presence. Over 2 Lakh customers visit The Muthoot Group branches every day. The Group has served over 60 crore customers (including repeat customers) till date. The story of The Muthoot Group is built on the foundations of passion, commitment, honesty, traditions and values. Our principle of continuous growth and expansion forms the essence of all our activities."
KocharTech,4.3,(1.9k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 20 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"KocharTech, a Technology-driven Solutions Organization, offers comprehensive solutions to address challenges for Connected Consumers. With over a decade of experience in the industry, the company specializes in designing & delivering solutions in BPM, Customer Experience Management, Knowledge Management, Device Management, M2M & IoT Solutions, and Self-care Platforms for Consumers as well as Enterprises. With its industry recognized service offerings, the company has served more than 3.5 Billion+ transactions till date, serving 5 out of top 25 Global Telecom operators, leading MVNOs, Blue Chip Organizations, Unicorn Startups & some of the Fortune 500 companies. KocharTech has been recognized by Aegis Graham Bell Awards for “The Most Innovative Mobile Enterprise Product & Solutions” and ""Outsourcing Partner of the Year 2018""​ by Times Network."
Wipro Enterprise...,3.9,(4.9k Reviews),Bangalore + 69 more,78 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),N/A,"Wipro Enterprises has Wipro Consumer Care and Lighting and Wipro Infrastructure Engineering under its umbrella. Wipro Consumer Care & Lighting is a leading FMCG business in Personal Care, Home Care, Lighting & Switches and Office Furniture. Wipro Infrastructure Engineering is a diversified engineering business in the fields of Hydraulics, Water Treatment, Additive Manufacturing, Aerospace and Automation Solutions.

Wipro Consumer Care and Lighting is among the fastest growing FMCG businesses in its operating geographies of Asia and the Middle East, with revenues of over Rs.7150 Crs. Its businesses include personal wash products, skincare products, male grooming products, toiletries, wellness products, household products, electrical wire devices, domestic and commercial Lighting and modular office furniture. It has a strong brand presence with significant market share across segments in India, South East Asia and the Middle East. In 2018-19 Wipro Consumer Care & Lighting, grew ahead of industry, to consolidate its position and market shares across geographies."
MRF Tyres,3.7,(2.1k Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 152 more",77 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"The MRF story is a truly remarkable one. What started as a rubber balloon factory with a funding of Rs.14, 000 way back in the 40’s is now a multibillion legacy that produces quality tyres used all around India & internationally along with a presence in paints & coats, toys, motorsports and cricket training."
Publicis Sapien...,3.7,(1.9k Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 14 more",33 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Publicis Sapient is a digital transformation partner helping established organizations get to their future, digitally-enabled state, both in the way they work and the way they serve their customers. 

We help unlock value through a start-up mindset and modern methods, fusing strategy, consulting and customer experience with agile engineering and problem-solving creativity. 

As digital pioneers with 20,000 people and 53 offices around the globe, our experience spanning technology, data sciences, consulting and customer obsession – combined with our culture of curiosity and relentlessness – enables us to accelerate our clients’ businesses through designing the products and services their customers truly value. 

Publicis Sapient is the digital business transformation hub of Publicis Groupe."
Bank of America,4.4,(3.1k Reviews),Private,Charlotte + 22 more,25 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"At Bank of America, we have a clear purpose to help make financial lives better through the power of every connection. We fulfill this purpose through our commitment to responsible growth, which includes a focus on environmental, social and governance (ESG) leadership. Integrated across our eight lines of business — our ESG focus reflects our values, ensures we are holding ourselves accountable, presents tremendous business opportunity, and allows us to create shared success with our clients and communities.

Every day, we provide unmatched convenience in the United States, serving approximately 66 million consumer and small business clients. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world. The company serves clients through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries."
Escorts Kubota L...,4.1,(2k Reviews),Public,"Faridabad,Haryana + 108 more",63 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Escorts Limited is one of India’s leading engineering conglomerates operating in the high growth sectors of agri-machinery, construction & material handling equipment, railway equipment and auto components. With over 1 million tractors in the fields in India, 16,000 construction and material handling equipment and 5 million auto-components manufactured till date, Escorts is leveraging its engineering expertise and positioning as a change agent in the agriculture, construction equipment and automotive sectors."
Titan Company,4.4,(2.6k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 125 more",5 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Titan Company Limited is an Indian consumer goods company that mainly manufactures fashion accessories such as watches, jewellery and eyewear. Part of the Tata Group, the company is headquartered in Electronic City, Bangalore. It commenced operations in 1984 under the name Titan Watches Limited."
Bajaj Electrical...,4.1,(1.8k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 169 more",85 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL), a globally renowned and trusted company, with a turnover of ₹6,744 crores (FY 18-19), is a part of ""Bajaj Group"". Bajaj Electricals business is spread across – Consumer Products (Appliances, Fans, Lighting), Exports, and EPC (Illumination, Transmission Towers and Power Distribution). Bajaj Electricals has 20 branch offices spread in different parts of the country besides being supported by a chain of distributors, authorised dealers, retail outlets, exclusive showrooms called ‘Bajaj World’ and approximately 500 customer care centres. We also have a presence in premium home appliances and cookware segments with brands like Morphy Richards and Nirlep.

But to know Bajaj Electricals, one must understand our core principles. We get our Gandhian set of values by our founding father - Jamnalal Bajaj. While walking towards the future, our current leaders aim to carry forward his legacy . “Inspiring Trust”, our tagline, is something that we associate with and try to fulfil in our everyday endeavours. Apart from work, we also believe in bringing about a change in our society through our philanthropic work. Our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) division strongly rests on sustainability, gender diversity, employee volunteering and community outreach programmes."
Ceat Tyres,4.1,(2k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 94 more",65 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"CEAT, the flagship company of RPG Enterprises, was established in 1958. Today, CEAT is one of India’s leading tyre manufacturer with a capacity of over 800 tonnes per day and has strong presence in global markets. CEAT offers the widest range of tyres to all segments and manufactures world-class tyres for: Heavy-duty Trucks and Buses, Light Commercial Vehicles, Earthmovers, Forklifts, Tractors, Trailers, Cars, Utility Vehicles, Motorcycles, Scooters as well as Auto-rickshaws. CEAT enjoys a major market share in the Truck, Light Truck and 2-wheeler segment and its tubes and flaps are renowned for their superior quality and durability."
Jindal Steel and...,4.0,(2.2k Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 88 more",71 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"JSPL is an industrial powerhouse with a dominant presence in steel, power, mining and infrastructure sectors. Part of the US $ 22 billion OP Jindal Group, the Company is continuously scaling its capacity utilisations and efficiencies to capture opportunities for Building A Nation of Our Dreams."
ITC Infotech In...,3.6,(1.8k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 42 more",23 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"ITC Infotech is a leading global technology services and solutions provider, led by Business and Technology Consulting. ITC Infotech provides business-friendly solutions to help clients succeed and be future-ready, by seamlessly bringing together digital expertise, strong industry speciﬁc alliances, and the unique ability to leverage deep domain expertise from ITC Group businesses. 

The company provides technology solutions and services to enterprises across industries such as Banking & Financial Services, Healthcare, Manufacturing, Consumer Goods, Travel, and Hospitality, through a combination of traditional and newer business models, as a long-term sustainable partner.

ITC Infotech is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ITC Ltd. ITC is one of India’s leading private sector companies and a diversified conglomerate with businesses spanning Consumer Goods, Hotels, Paperboards, and Packaging, Agri-Business, and Information Technology.

For more information, please visit: http://www.itcinfotech.com/"
Huawei Technolog...,3.9,(1.8k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 89 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1987, Huawei is a leading global provider of information and communications technology (ICT) infrastructure and smart devices. We are committed to bringing digital to every person, home and organization for a fully connected, intelligent world. We have nearly 188,000 employees, and we operate in more than 170 countries and regions, serving more than three billion people around the world.

Huawei's end-to-end portfolio of products, solutions and services are both competitive and secure. Through open collaboration with ecosystem partners, we create lasting value for our customers, working to empower people, enrich home life, and inspire innovation in organizations of all shapes and sizes. At Huawei, innovation focuses on customer needs. We invest heavily in basic research, concentrating on technological breakthroughs that drive the world forward."
Lava Internation...,4.2,(1.8k Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 197 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Lava International Limited is a leading Mobile Handset Company in India and has expanded its operations to multiple countries across the world. Right from its inception Lava has been at the forefront of building a strong ecosystem of design and manufacturing of mobile handsets. The company has been building mobile handset design capability including industrial design, mechanical design, hardware design & software design. In line with the Govt. of India’s ‘Make in India’ initiative, Lava has taken a lead in support of this important nation building program and has already set up a design team in India, becoming the first to do so in the country. With this ‘Design in India’ initiative, Lava is now the only Mobile handset company that makes truly “Make In India” phones with complete control on design and manufacturing within India. Lava was also ranked as the ‘Most Trustworthy Brand’ in the CMR Retail Sentiment Index 2018.

Lava products are available through a nationwide retail network of 1.65 Lakh retailers who in turn are directly served by over 1000 distributors. Lava’s after sales service network is one of the largest in the country with close to 800+ professionally managed service centers focused on speed and quality of service."
Tata AIA Life In...,4.0,(1.8k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 222 more",22 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Tata AIA Life Insurance Company Limited (Tata AIA Life Insurance) is a joint venture company, formed by Tata Sons Pvt. Ltd. and AIA Group Ltd. (AIA). Tata AIA Life Insurance combines Tata’s preeminent leadership position in India and AIA’s presence as the largest, independent listed pan-Asian life insurance group in the world spanning 18 markets in the Asia Pacific region. Tata AIA Life Insurance is also one of the leading insurers in the Indian private sector."
RSPL Group,4.1,(1.8k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 150 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"RSPL Group is a Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) diversified conglomerate committed to value-for-money propositions & credited with several innovations over the last 3 decades. The sagacity to weave its business around consumer needs has conferred RSPL Group with a distinct value and identity. 

Efficient capital structure, cutting-edge technology, operational discipline, and a widespread distribution network, have together contributed to enhancing RSPL Group and enabled the organization to deliver value to consumers. We have had a strong presence in fabric care, personal care, and home care products for over 31 years of existence. In the laundry market, Ghari detergent (RSPL brand) is the largest brand with approx. 20% market share.

The driving force at RSPL Group is to understand profound changes in product technology and consumer needs to make our brands the way consumer desires them to be. We believe that the only constant in the history of mankind is evolution. So it is our endeavor to give superior brand experience and the most superior value for consumers' money. Our undeterred pursuit of change has led the company to progress on the path of value during our growth."
Biocon Biologics...,3.9,(1.8k Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 55 more",45 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Biocon Limited is a globally recognized, innovation-led organization that is enabling access to high quality, advanced therapies for diseases that are chronic, where medical needs are largely unmet and treatment costs are high.

We are driven by the belief that the pharmaceuticals industry has a humanitarian responsibility to provide essential drugs to patients who are in need and to do so with the power of innovation. In line with this belief, Biocon has developed and commercialized a differentiated portfolio of novel biologics, biosimilars, and complex small molecule APIs in India and several key global markets, as well as, generic formulations in the U.S. and Europe. We are a leading global player for biosimilars and APIs for statins, immunosuppressants and other specialty molecules, with customers in over 120 countries."
RBL Bank,3.8,(1.8k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 184 more",80 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"RBL Bank is one of India's fastest growing private sector banks with an expanding presence across the country. The Bank offers specialized services under six business verticals namely: Corporate & Institutional Banking, Commercial Banking, Branch & Business Banking, Agri Business Banking, Development Banking and Financial Inclusion, Treasury and Financial Markets Operations. It currently services over 6.9 million customers through a network of 332 Branches, 1,013 Business Correspondent Branches (of which 228 banking outlets) and 376 ATMs spread across 23 Indian States and Union Territories."
ACC,4.0,(1.9k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 180 more",87 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"ACC Limited mixes and pours a solid foundation for India. One of the country's leading manufacturers of cement and ready-mix concrete, ACC supplies its products for use in buildings, bridges, railways, and more. It also makes bulk and blended cement. Operating more than a dozen cement plants and about 30 ready-mix concrete plants, the company produces some 20 million tons of cement each year. ACC's nationwide sales, marketing, and manufacturing operations are supported by a network of more than 9,000 dealers, through which about 80% of its sales are made. Its customers are mainly located in India. The company also provides project management and engineering at cement plants abroad."
Tractors and Far...,4.2,(1.8k Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 143 more",63 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"TAFE – Tractors and Farm Equipment Limited, is an Indian tractor major incorporated in 1960 at Chennai, with an annual turnover of INR 10,000 Crores. The third-largest tractor manufacturer in the world and the second largest in India by volumes, TAFE sells over 180,000 tractors (domestic and international) annually. TAFE's partnership with AGCO Corporation and the Massey Ferguson brand for over 60 years is a stellar example of its commitment to building long-term relationships with its stakeholders, through fair and ethical business practices. TAFE is also a significant shareholder in AGCO Corporation, USA – a US $9.1 billion tractor and agricultural equipment manufacturer.

TAFE has earned the trust of customers through its range of products that are widely acclaimed for quality and low cost of operation. A strong distribution network of over 1000 dealers effectively backs TAFE’s four iconic tractor brands – Massey Ferguson, TAFE, Eicher and the recently acquired Serbian tractor and agricultural equipment brand IMT – Industrija Mašina i Traktora. TAFE exports tractors, both in partnership with AGCO and independently, powering farms in over 100 countries which include developed countries in Europe and the Americas.

Besides tractors, TAFE and its subsidiaries have diverse business interests in areas such as farm-machinery, diesel engines and gensets, agro engines, engineering plastics, gears and transmission components, batteries, hydraulic pumps and cylinders, vehicle franchises and plantations

TAFE's partnership with AGCO Corporation and the Massey Ferguson brand for over 58 years is a stellar example of its commitment to building long-term relationships with its stakeholders, through fair and ethical business practices. TAFE is also a significant shareholder in AGCO Corporation, USA – a US $9.4 billion tractor and agricultural equipment manufacturer.

TAFE has earned the trust of customers through its range of products that are widely acclaimed for quality and low cost of operation. A strong distribution network of over 1000 dealers effectively backs TAFE’s four iconic tractor brands – Massey Ferguson, TAFE, Eicher and the recently acquired Serbian tractor and agricultural equipment brand IMT – Industrija Mašina i Traktora. TAFE exports tractors, both in partnership with AGCO and independently, powering farms in over 100 countries which include developed countries in Europe and the Americas.

Besides tractors, TAFE and its subsidiaries have diverse business interests in areas such as farm-machinery, Diesel engines and gensets, agro engines, engineering plastics, gears and transmission components, batteries, hydraulic pumps and cylinders, vehicle franchises and plantations."
Torrent Pharmace...,4.0,(1.8k Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 86 more",52 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Torrent Pharma, the flagship Company of Torrent Group is one of the leading pharma companies of the Country. The Company was a pioneer in initiating the concept of niche marketing in India and today is ranked amongst the leaders in therapeutic segment of Cardiovascular (CV) and Central Nervous System (CNS). It has also achieved significant presence in Gastro-intestinal, Diabetology, Anti-infective, Pain Management, Gynaecology and Paediatric segments. Recently we have also forayed into the therapeutic segment of Oncology and Rheumatology.

Torrent Pharma's competitive advantage stems from the world-class manufacturing facilities, advanced R & D capabilities, extensive domestic network and a widespread global presence in over 40 countries.

The acquisition of Elder Pharma's Indian branded business in 2013, Dermaceutical business of Zyg Pharma in 2015, API plant of Glochem Industries in 2016, women healthcare brands from Novartis and Unichem's Indian branded business along with its Sikkim Plant in 2017 strengthened Torrent Pharma's position in the Indian Pharma market.

Torrent Pharma started international acquisitions in 2005 with 90 year old Heumann from Pfizer to enter the German market. Later on purchased ANDA of Monocycline from Ranbaxy for the US Market in 2015.

In January 2018, Torrent also acquired Bio-Pharm, Inc. (BPI) a generic pharmaceuticals and OTC Company, based in Levittown Pennsylvania, USA, which also included a US FDA registered manufacturing facility.

Torrent Pharma is committed towards “not just healthcare but lifecare.”"
Dilip Buildcon,4.0,(1.8k Reviews),Public,"Bhopal,Madhya Pradesh + 154 more",36 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"From humble beginnings in 1987 to a road focused EPC leader in 2017, DBL’s journey is characterized by hard work, respect for relationships, and a drive to excel in anything they take up. They have upheld the tradition of giving their best to all projects since conception. DBL’s value-centric delivery, execution process and commitment to innovation have set the stage for the next phase of growth."
Aarti Industries,4.2,(1.8k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 35 more",48 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Aarti Industries is a leading Indian manufacturer of Speciality Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals with a global footprint. Chemicals manufactured by Aarti are used in the downstream manufacture of pharmaceuticals, agrochemicals, polymers, additives, surfactants, pigments, dyes, etc."
PNB MetLife,3.6,(1.8k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 255 more",22 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"PNB MetLife India Insurance Company Limited (PNB MetLife) is one of the leading life insurance companies in India. PNB MetLife  has as its shareholders MetLife International Holdings LLC (MIHL), Punjab National Bank Limited (PNB), Jammu & Kashmir Bank Limited (JKB), M. Pallonji and Company Private Limited and other private investors, MIHL and PNB being the majority shareholders. PNB MetLife has been present in India since 2001.
PNB MetLife brings together the financial strength of a leading global life insurance provider, MetLife, Inc., and the credibility and reliability of PNB, one of India's oldest and leading nationalised banks. The vast distribution reach of PNB together with the global insurance expertise and product range of MetLife makes PNB MetLife a strong and trusted insurance provider."
Utkarsh Small Fi...,3.9,(1.8k Reviews),Public,"Varanasi,Uttar Pradesh + 235 more",14 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Utkarsh Small Finance Bank is a proud solitary Small Finance Bank from Varanasi. Established in 2009 with the mission to empower the low-income group financially, it has reached to new heights today. The objective of our bank is 'Ummeed'​ - giving hope to customers for fulfilling their dreams and needs. Over the years, we have extended our services to 112 Districts of 11 States. Today we boast a Customer Base of more than 15 Lakh satisfied customers with 400 Banking Outlets.

In today's time where technology is reshaping the world, we aim to encourage people excluded from the formal banking sector until now to start banking with our affordable and accessible banking services. Our focus is to provide services that are process centric, technology enabled and people oriented resulting in reliable, scalable and sustainable institution facilitating socioeconomic change. We also have an initiative called Utkarsh Welfare Foundation which works in the areas of Financial Literacy and Inclusion apart from Health Initiatives."
Berger Paints,3.7,(1.9k Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 190 more",100 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The driving forces of Berger Paints - reflect the very spirit of its founder Lewis Berger - who laid the foundations of brand Berger way back in 1760 in the UK. With modest beginnings in India in 1923, today, Berger Paints India Limited is the second largest paint company in the country with a consistent track record of being one of the fastest growing paint companies, quarter on quarter, for the past few years.

Undergoing a number of changes in ownership and nomenclature in its 88 year old history in India, the company has come a long way.

Starting out as Hadfield's (India) Limited, it had just one factory in Howrah, West Bengal. By the close of 1947, Hadfield's was acquired by British Paints (Holdings) Limited, UK and came to be known as British Paints (India) Limited. In 1983, the name of the Company was changed to Berger Paints India Limited. Currently, the majority stake is with the Delhi based Dhingra brothers. Berger Paints has established itself through a long course of time."
IndiGo,3.5,(1.8k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 76 more",17 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"IndiGo is India’s largest passenger airline with a market share of 48.2% as of September, 2019. We primarily operate in India’s domestic air travel market as a low-cost carrier with focus on our three pillars – offering low fares, being on-time and delivering a courteous and hassle-free experience. IndiGo has become synonymous with being on-time.

Since our inception in August 2006, we have grown from a carrier with one plane to a fleet of 247 aircraft today. A uniform fleet for each type of operation, high operational reliability and an award winning service make us one of the most reliable airlines in the world. IndiGo has a total destination count of 83 with 60 domestic destinations and 23 International. Fourteen codeshare destinations beyond Istanbul on Turkish Airlines are also open for sale. They include, Athens (ATH), Budapest (BUD), Brussels (BRU), Tel Aviv (TLV) , Malta (MLA), Paris (CDG) , Dublin (DUB), Copenhagen (CPH) , Prague (PRG), Vienna (VIE), Zurich (ZRH), Amsterdam (AMS),London Gatwick (LGW) and London Heathrow (LHR) ."
Persistent Syste...,4.1,(1.8k Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 12 more",33 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We are a trusted Digital Engineering and Enterprise Modernization partner, combining deep technical expertise and industry experience to help our clients anticipate what’s next ad take action to drive tangible business outcomes.

We work with many industry-leading organizations across the world including 14 of the 30 most innovative US companies, 80% of the largest banks in the US and India, and numerous innovators across the healthcare ecosystem. Through the efforts of our employees located in 19 countries around the world, we are recognized as the market leaders in delivery and customer excellence, as rated by ISG Persistent, and were recently named to the Forbes Asia Best Under a Billion 2021 list."
HDFC Ergo Genera...,4.0,(1.8k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 187 more",21 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Ltd. is a joint venture between HDFC Ltd., India’s premier Housing Finance Institution and ERGO International AG, the primary insurance entity of Munich Re Group. The Company offers complete range of general insurance products ranging from Motor, Health, Travel, Home and Personal Accident in the retail space and customized products like Property, Marine and Liability Insurance in the corporate space."
Cogent E Service...,3.4,(1.7k Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 26 more",19 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Cogent is a multinational business process solutions provider facilitating enterprises to redefine their functions in the digital age. Since 2004, we continue to deliver industry-specific solutions and an approach that strengthens customer relations and sets your company apart among the competition. We design and implement impeccable customer experience through analytics, digital, and automation powered with the latest technologies in the country.

Count on us for measurable transformation within your operations through excellent domain expertise in human resources outsourcing solutions, contact centers, and back-office processes. We not only strive to offer value in return for the trust, but we also deliver it with each step.

Cogent is the complete outsourcing partner for all day-to-day administrative and back-office undertakings."
Kotak Mahindara ...,3.9,(1.7k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 171 more",22 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Kotak Life has bought back its stake from Old Mutual and is no longer in a joint venture, thus making us a 100% owned subsidiary of Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd.

About Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance Company Ltd.
Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance Company Ltd (Formerly known as Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance Ltd.) is a 100% owned subsidiary of Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd.
The company combines its international strengths and local advantages to offer its customers a wide range of innovative life insurance products thereby helping them take important financial decisions at every stage in life and stay financially independent. The company covers over 18 million lives and is one of the fastest growing insurance companies in India."
State Street Syn...,3.8,(1.7k Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 12 more,19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Syntel is a leading global provider of Information Technology and Knowledge Processing services. We help global enterprises evolve their core IT applications, infrastructure and business processes by leveraging intelligent automation, scaled agile development and cloud computing solutions. Our digital services enable clients to engage their customers, discover new insights, and create more connected enterprises.  Since our inception in 1980, we have been a trusted partner that clients rely on to deliver the skills, insight and guidance to propel their businesses forward."
R1 RCM,4.0,(1.7k Reviews),Private,"Murray,Utah + 16 more",20 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We are a leading provider of technology-driven solutions that transform the patient experience and financial performance of healthcare providers.

We deliver proven ROI across the entire revenue cycle – the front, middle, and back offices. This enables our customers to achieve an optimal revenue cycle – one that promotes patient satisfaction and improves financial performance."
Dabur,4.0,(1.7k Reviews),Public,"Ghaziabad,Uttar Pradesh + 201 more",139 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Dabur India Ltd. is one of India’s leading FMCG Companies with Revenues of over Rs 8,500 Crore & Market Capitalisation of over Rs 72,500 Crore. Building on a legacy of quality and experience of over 135 years, Dabur is today India’s most trusted name and the world’s largest Ayurvedic and Natural Health Care Company.

Dabur India is also a world leader in Ayurveda with a portfolio of over 250 Herbal/Ayurvedic products. Dabur's FMCG portfolio today includes five flagship brands with distinct brand identities -- Dabur as the master brand for natural healthcare products, Vatika for premium personal care, Hajmola for digestives, Réal for fruit juices and beverages and Fem for fairness bleaches and skincare products.
Dabur today operates in key consumer product categories like Hair Care, Oral Care, Health Care, Skin Care, Home Care, and food. The ayurvedic company has a wide distribution network, covering 6.7 million retail outlets with a high penetration in both urban and rural markets."
Capita,3.9,(1.8k Reviews),Private,"Indore,Madhya Pradesh + 17 more",18 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Capita is a consulting, digital services and software business, delivering innovative solutions and simplifying the links between businesses and customers, governments and citizens.

We do this by combining our talent, creativity, software, technology and innovation with sector knowledge and proven skills and expertise underpinned by our scaled operational platforms.

We have over 63,000 talented, committed and engaged employees, who are essential to delivering business critical services and solutions across all our markets.

We work with clients across a range of sectors, including local government, central government, education, transport, health, life and pensions, insurance, and other private sector organisations."
GeBBS Healthcare...,3.8,(1.7k Reviews),Private,"Culver City,California + 11 more",18 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"GeBBS Healthcare Solutions is a leading national provider of revenue cycle management (RCM) and health information management (HIM) solutions. Our in-depth healthcare industry expertise enables us to provide end-to-end solutions to successfully resolve our clients’ billing challenges, while embracing their overall business operations. GeBBS delivers a world-class infrastructure of highly skilled professionals, robust processes, and proprietary workflow engines. This makes us an ideal partner for our clients. When you need a medical coding company, we are the best choice.We provide strategic outsourcing solutions to medical billing companies and healthcare providers. By leveraging our people, processes and technology, we enable clients to reduce operating and capital costs, recover revenue, improve patient satisfaction, and increase productivity. With a current staff of over 8,000+ professionals, GeBBS is an eleven-time Inc. 5000 honoree as one of the nation’s fastest growing companies."
Apollo Tyres,4.1,(2.1k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 130 more",51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Apollo Tyres Ltd. came into inception in 1972 and has since been a trusted name in the business of manufacture and sale of tyres. With our corporate headquarters in Gurgaon, India, we cater to over a 100 countries across the globe.

The company markets its products under our two global brands: Apollo and Vredestein. These products are available in countries across the globe through a vast network of branded, exclusive and multi-product outlets. Apollo Tyres has multiple manufacturing units in India, the Netherlands and Hungary.

At the end of the financial year 2019, the company clocked a turnover of US$ 2.48 billion, backed by a global workforce of approximately 17,200 employees.

As of March 31, 2019, the company traded in India on the Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange, with 59.10% of shares held by the public, government entities, banks and financial institutions."
JK Cement,4.2,(1.7k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 185 more",49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"JK Cement Ltd is an affiliate of the multi-disciplinary industrial conglomerate J.K. Organisation. We have partnered India’s multi-sectoral infrastructure needs on the strength of our product excellence, customer orientation and technology leadership. The Company has over four decades of experience in cement manufacturing with Grey Cement plants in Nimbahera, Mangrol and Gotan in Rajasthan and in Muddapur, Karnataka. Our operations commenced with commercial production at our first grey cement plant at Nimbahera in the state of Rajasthan in May 1975. In the year 2014, the Company further expanded its capacity in the north with brownfield expansion of 1.5 MnTPA integrated unit at Mangrol and split grinding unit of 1.5 MnTPA at Jhajjar. Today J.K. Cement has an installed grey cement capacity of 10.5 MnTPA making it one of the leading manufacturers in the country.We are the second largest manufacturer of White Cement in India, with an annual capacity of 600,000 tonnes in India and the second largest producer of Wall putty in the country with an annual installed capacity of 700,000 tonnes.In addition to that, we made our first international foray with the setting up of a greenfield dual process white cement-cum-grey cement plant in the free trade zone at Fujairah, U.A.E to cater to the GCC and African markets. With this, J.K Cement Ltd has become the third largest White Cement Producer in the World.At J.K. Cement, we are firmly committed to our obligation towards the society, stakeholders and the environment. Our in-house policy for the upliftment of the masses finds reflection in a comprehensive and ongoing outreach programme, entailing participation in various social, charitable, healthcare, educational and religious initiatives."
Reliance Digital,4.3,(1.7k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 241 more",16 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Reliance Digital is India's largest electronics retailer. Network of 400+ stores nationally, housing over 200 brands and 5000 products. From in-depth, expert buying advice to personal after-sales care tailored to each customer, we commit to our promise of 'Personalising Technology' every day."
Future Retail,4.2,(4.3k Reviews),Public,"San Francisco,California + 189 more",36 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Future Retail operates some of India’s most popular retail chains that inspires trust through innovative offerings, quality products and affordable prices that help customers achieve a better quality of life every day. We serve millions of customers in more than 400 cities in every state of the country through digital platforms and over 1500 stores that cover over 16 million square feet of retail space.

Big Bazaar, our flagship chain is regularly ranked among the most trusted retail brands in the country. Our small store neighborhood retail chains, EasyDay Club and Heritage Fresh operates closer to the home of customers and offers member-customers a range of services."
PolicyBazaar,3.6,(1.7k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 44 more",15 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We stay awake and alive because Insurance helps families in financial distress, during the times of death, disability, disease, and accidents, and when families need help most. One incident can destroy a family’s future and development. We hope no one ever faces such a situation, but the truth is millions of people do. Unlike European countries we have poor social security. The rich can still recover from the financial loss, but the poor cannot recover from such a loss easily. Thus we believe we do a noble act by building awareness about such a product. We are against miss selling. Millions of people every year buy Insurance policies without understanding as they are usually told just a few things to sell the product. Many times these are lies or half-truths; as such commitments are rarely documented or recorded. Thus customers start hating insurance and its sellers hurting persistency and growth. This is no way to build a sustainable business. We believe everyone must fully understand what they are buying, and know both the positives and the negatives. They should know the options, and choose what is best for them and their needs. The true value of any insurance policy lies in the payment of a claim, and we will fight the corner of a customer very hard indeed, at the point of claim, and ensure he gets a fair deal from the insurance company. Finally we believe companies must make a profit too, else how can they continue to service customers. Thus we are against customer side fraud. We like customers to make truthful declarations, and not try to cheat the system. All in all, Insurance has a huge role in supporting families in distress, and we will make it viable for every participant, as we said, fairly, transparently, and sustainably."
Flex,4.2,(1.7k Reviews),Private,San Jose + 32 more,54 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Flex is the Sketch-to-Scale® solutions provider that designs and builds Intelligent Products for a Connected World. With approximately 200,000 professionals across 30 countries, Flex provides innovative design, engineering, manufacturing, real-time supply chain insight and logistics services to companies of all sizes in various industries and end-markets."
Patanjali Ayurve...,4.1,(1.7k Reviews),Private,"Haridwar,Uttarakhand + 224 more",17 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Patanjali Ayurved Limited produces quality Herbomineral preparations. To monitor quality, the Divya Yog Mandir Trust and Patanjali Yog Peeth grow many endangered herbs on its farmland. The principles of Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) are rigorously followed in the plant and Company prides itself on being environment friendly.  A high stress on quality, several quality circles and special quality circles and special project teams working on Total Quality Management (TQM) projects make quality a way of life in Patanjali Ayurved Limited. This enables Patanjali Ayurved Limited to produce herbomineral preparations with uniform levels of batch-to-batch consistency. This ensures that the customer gets the same high quality product regardless of where it is purchased."
KPIT Technologie...,3.7,(1.7k Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 21 more",33 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"KPIT Technologies is a global technology company with software solutions that can help mobility companies leapfrog toward an autonomous, clean, smart, and connected future. With over 6,000 Automobelievers worldwide and by specializing in embedded software, artificial intelligence (AI), and digital solutions, KPIT Technologies enables customers to accelerate the implementation of next-generation mobility technologies. With development centers in Europe, the United States, Japan, China, Thailand, and India. KPIT Technologies works with leaders in mobility and is present where the ecosystem is transforming. For more details, visit www.kpit.com.

Careers at KPIT - https://www.kpit.com/careers/

Insights on the world on automotive, mobility and technology - https://www.kpit.com/insights/

Latest news and updates : https://www.kpit.com/newsroom/"
Access Healthcar...,4.0,(1.7k Reviews),Private,"Dallas,Texas + 16 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Since 2011, Access Healthcare has been building a business centered on delivering results by leveraging best practices for Revenue Cycle Management. We even developed a unique operating model beginning with:

Best-in-class business processes (focuses on the results your business requires)

Building technologies (enabling efficiency and effectiveness in execution) - business process management suite (arc.in) and robotic process automation technologies

Recruit and retain people (start with the roles defined by the needs, then apply the right people).

Starting with the end in mind, enables focus on creating results for you so you can focus on your priorities to cultivate growth by unlocking value, better productivity, and higher quality. For more on the genesis of our story, click here.  We were recognized as a Leader by Everest Group in its report “Healthcare Provider BPO – Service Provider Landscape with Services PEAK Matrix™ Assessment 2017.

It's always a work in progress. We anticipate change and innovate to better serve our customers. It's been quite a journey thus far. Below is a perspective of our DNA, who we are plus some quick facts."
Ola Cabs,3.4,(2.6k Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 87 more,13 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Ola is India’s largest mobility platform and one of the world’s largest ride-hailing companies, serving 250+ cities across India, Australia, New Zealand, and the UK. The Ola app offers mobility solutions by connecting customers to drivers and a wide range of vehicles across bikes, auto-rickshaws, metered taxis, and cabs, enabling convenience and transparency for hundreds of millions of consumers and over 1.5 million driver-partners.

Ola’s core mobility offering in India is supplemented by its electric-vehicle arm, Ola Electric; India’s largest fleet management business, Ola Fleet Technologies and Ola Skilling, that aims to enable millions of livelihood opportunities for India's youth. With its acquisition of Ridlr, India’s leading public transportation app and investment in Vogo, a dockless scooter sharing solution, Ola is looking to build mobility for the next billion Indians. Ola also extends its consumer offerings like micro-insurance and credit led payments through Ola Financial Services and a range of owned food brands through India’s largest network of kitchens under its Food business.

Ola’s core mobility offering in India is supplemented by its electric-vehicle arm, Ola Electric; India’s largest fleet management business, Ola Fleet Technologies and Ola Skilling, that aims to enable millions of livelihood opportunities for India's youth. With its acquisition of Ridlr, India’s leading public transportation app and investment in Vogo, a dockless scooter sharing solution, Ola is looking to build mobility for the next billion Indians. Ola also extends its consumer offerings like micro-insurance and credit led payments through Ola Financial Services and a range of owned food brands through India’s largest network of kitchens under its Food business."
Aakash Education...,3.7,(1.9k Reviews),Private,"New Delhi,Delhi + 156 more",35 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We help to prepare students for medical and engineering entrance exams such as National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test (NEET), Joint Entrance Examination (JEE - Main & Advanced), and school/ board examinations including scholarship exams such as NTSE, KVPY, and Olympiads. 

 

Aakash Advantage

· 33 years of providing comprehensive and result-oriented test preparation

· 275+ centres across India to help you prepare in your city

· 3000+ expert faculty to tach, mentor and guide you

· 85000+ Rankers in NEET & JEE

BYJU’S Edge

· World’s largest education technology company with over 10 crore students

· Conceptual clarity through high quality videos

· Cutting-edge technology to help you practice and prepare better

Putting students first and continuously striving to meet their needs is core to Aakash BYJU’S. We are on a mission to build an omni-channel learning offering that will catapult the test-prep experience to the next level and help build India’s largest education company."
Tata AIG,4.1,(1.6k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 191 more",23 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Tata AIG General Insurance Company Limited is a joint venture company between Tata Group and American International Group (AIG). Tata AIG General Insurance Company Limited celebrates 18 years of service this year (2019) since it commenced operations in India on January 22, 2001. The Company has grown strongly to emerge as the preferred private general insurance company in India with several pioneering firsts to its credit. Driven by a mission to create better tomorrows for Customers by delivering trustworthy and innovative risk solutions, Tata AIG’s broad portfolio of protection covers are backed by years of professional expertise in product offerings, exceptional service capabilities and seamless claims process management. The Company offers a wide range of general insurance covers for businesses and individuals including a comprehensive range of general insurance products for Liability, Marine Cargo, Personal Accident, Travel, Rural-Agriculture Insurance, Extended Warranty etc. Tata AIG General Insurance Company Limited has an asset base of approximate INR 10,050 crs. (as of 31st March 2019). With more than 200 offices spread across India, the Company has a robust multi-channel distribution network of 22,000+ licensed agents and 390+ licensed brokers. The Company has a workforce of over 5,000 employees, including 550+ claim experts and a dedicated Customer Service & Operations team (as of March 2019), consistently delivering superior service experiences powered by the latest innovations in technology."
Rivigo,3.9,(1.6k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 145 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a technology company that is building the material movement pipeline of India through a globally unique innovation of relay trucking, enabled by a strong interplay of technology, data, culture and operational excellence. Our goal is making logistics human, faster, safer and cost-effective.

Rivigo is solving a real and fundamental problem of truck driver shortage using a breakthrough relay model.

We have been transforming the sector with our global-first driver relay model and cutting-edge technology to consistently provide unparalleled delivery times and reliability to our clients.

We are solving the full range of challenges of the logistics industry using technology — be it complex problems like fuel analytics, route planning, human behaviour analysis or pure-drudgery elimination tasks like auto-alert systems and intelligent decision systems. Our technology obsession has resulted in simple, intuitive technology products gaining quick and easy adoption by the trucking ecosystem stakeholders.

We are contributing to building the new India by defining the next-generation trucking industry.

With accurate predictions, high levels of efficiency, simple automated operations, and a strong and pure mission, we are re-imagining logistics for India and the world."
AFCONS Infrastru...,4.4,(1.6k Reviews),Partnership,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 74 more",64 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Afcons Infrastructure is a part of Shapoorji Pallonji Group, which is India’s leading engineering and construction conglomerate. We are one of the top infrastructure development companies in India, with a diverse experience of on-time execution of over 350 infrastructure projects in more than 22 countries.

Afcons is the first infrastructure company globally to win the Most Innovative Knowledge Enterprise (MIKE) Award at the Global, Asia Pacific, and, India levels in 2018, 2019, and 2020, having won its predecessor the Most Admired Knowledge Enterprise (MAKE) Award in 2016 and 2017."
Paras Hospital,4.6,(1.6k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 24 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Paras Healthcare was established in 2006, with the mission of providing specialized tertiary medical care services at affordable prices to under served communities across the country. This private healthcare provider stands apart from others in it’s vision of making healthcare for all a reality for ordinary people in rural and remote regions. Every single individual working in a ‘Paras’ Hospital- from doctors to nurses and the management- is united in the endeavor to deliver top quality healthcare to all. Paras Healthcare is a leader in establishing specialized hospitals in places that lack access to healthcare, specifically super specialty tertiary care. Each of it’s initiative is based on three tenets of healthcare- Affordability, Accessibility & Quality."
Tata Teleservice...,4.2,(1.6k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 142 more",27 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Tata Tele Business Services (TTBS), belonging to the prestigious Tata group of companies, is the country’s leading enabler of connectivity and communication solutions for businesses. With services ranging from connectivity, collaboration, cloud, security, IoT and marketing solutions, TTBS offers the largest portfolio of ICT services for businesses in India. Also, with fibre optic network running across 125,000 km., operations in over 60 cities, 1400+ partners and the largest team with 1200+ professionals, TTBS is well geared up to cater to the small, medium & large business community in India. TTBS strives to always get the best technology and services to businesses so that they can improve processes, reach customers more effectively, manage workforce more efficiently and Do Big. Focus on customer centricity and innovation has helped TTBS garner recognition from customers and peers alike."
Legato Health Te...,4.1,(1.6k Reviews),LLP,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 8 more",6 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Legato Health Technologies is committed to transforming healthcare through operational excellence. We are constantly innovating technology, finding better solutions and efficient programs that give consumers greater access to healthcare, and working with providers to ensure quality healthcare experience for consumers. We are one of India's fastest growing GIC. Each one of our locations in Bengaluru and Hyderabad features unique architecture and design, vibrant office cultures & innovative healthcare technologies. Our state-of-the-art facilities are designed to encourage and facilitate collaborations that enable our associates to thrive and optimise efficiencies. We are an organisation which champions a winning culture."
Mankind Pharma,4.2,(1.9k Reviews),Private,"New Delhi,Delhi + 160 more",28 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Mankind Pharma, one of the top 5 leading pharmaceutical companies in India, started its journey in 1995. Today, we have an employee base of over 17,000 and are racing towards $1 Billion. At Mankind, we aspire to aid the community in leading a healthy life by formulating, developing, commercializing, and delivering affordable and accessible medicines that satisfy urgent medical needs. We take great pride in the success of our products ranging from Pharma, OTC, and FMCG brands like Manforce Condoms, Manforce Tablets, Manforce Staylong Gel, Unwanted 72, Prega News, Gas-O-Fast, Kaloree 1, Kabzend, Acne Star Gel, and many others. Our operations are in 34 overseas destinations across Asia, Africa, South-East Asia, Gulf countries, and CIS countries."
Blue Dart Expres...,4.2,(1.7k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 205 more",40 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Blue Dart Express Ltd., South Asia's premier express air and integrated transportation & distribution company, offers secure and reliable delivery of consignments to over 35,000 locations in India. As part of the DPDHL Group’s (DHL Express, DHL Global Forwarding & DHL Supply Chain) Post - E-commerce - Parcel (PeP) division, Blue Dart accesses the largest and most comprehensive express and logistics network worldwide, covering over 220 countries and territories and offers an entire spectrum of distribution services including air express, freight forwarding, supply chain solutions and customs clearance.

The Blue Dart team drives market leadership through its motivated people force, dedicated air and ground capacity, cutting-edge technology, wide range of innovative, vertical specific products and value-added services to deliver unmatched standards of service quality to its customers. Blue Dart's market leadership is further validated by numerous awards and recognitions from customers for exhibiting reliability, superior brand experience and sustainability which include recognition as one of ‘India's Best Companies to Work For’ by The Great Place to Work® Institute, amongst the Top 25 Best Employers in India 2016 by AON Hewitt, voted as a Superbrand, listed as one of Fortune 500’s India's Largest Corporations and Forbes India's Super 50 Companies and voted Reader’s Digest Most Trusted Brand to name a few.

Blue Dart accepts its social responsibility by supporting climate protection (GoGreen), disaster management (GoHelp) and education (GoTeach)."
Nestle,4.1,(1.7k Reviews),Public,Vevey + 190 more,64 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"As the world’s largest food and beverage company we are driven by a simple aim: enhancing quality of life and contributing to a healthier future. To deliver on this, we serve with passion, with a spirit of excellence, offering products and services for all stages of life, every moment of the day, helping people care for themselves and their families. Our culture is based on our values rooted in respect: respect for ourselves, respect for others, respect for diversity and respect for the future.

We can trace our origin back to 1866, when the first European condensed milk factory was opened in Cham, Switzerland, by the Anglo-Swiss Condensed Milk Company. One year later, Henri Nestlé, a trained pharmacist, launched one of the world’s first prepared infant cereals ‘Farine lactée’ in Vevey, Switzerland.

Today, we employ around 328,000 people and have factories or operations in almost every country in the world. With our headquarters still based in the Swiss town of Vevey, we had sales of CHF 89.5 billion in 2016."
Eureka Forbes,4.0,(1.6k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 151 more",41 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Eureka Forbes Limited is India’s leading health and hygiene brand. It is a multi-product, multi-channel organization with a gross group turnover of Rs. 20,351 million for the year ending 31st March 2015. A part of Shapoorji Pallonji Group, Eureka Forbes’ product portfolio encompasses water purification, vacuum cleaning, air purification and home security solutions. It has a base of 15 mn happy customers, a reach of over 1,500 cities and towns in India and a global footprint across 53 countries."
Landmark Group,4.3,(4.9k Reviews),Private,"Dubai Marina,Dubai + 118 more",50 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Landmark Group began its journey in 1973 with one store in Bahrain and has grown into one of the largest retail and hospitality conglomerates in the Middle East, Africa and India. Currently the Group operates over 2,200 outlets, encompassing over 30 million square feet across 24 countries."
Statestreet HCL ...,3.3,(1.6k Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 11 more,11 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Statestreet HCL Services (india) Private Limited is a Subsidiary of Foreign Company, incorporated on 06 Jan, 2012. It's a private unlisted company and is classified as 'company limited by shares'.

The company is engaged in providing of processing and support-facilities for rendering accounting, data processing and customer support services."
Lifestyle,4.4,(1.8k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 95 more",24 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Lifestyle is India's premier fashion destination for the latest trends and hottest styles. Lifestyle is India's leading fashion destination for the latest trends. Part of Dubai based retail and hospitality conglomerate - The Landmark Group, Lifestyle brings multiple categories including men, women and kids’ apparel, footwear, handbags, fashion accessories and beauty under the convenience of a single roof. Lifestyle provides seamless and hassle-free shopping, offering leading national and international brands along with the convenience of a true omni-channel experience with its online store lifestylestores.com. The company is recipient of numerous awards and accolades, including Most Admired Fashion Retail Destination of the Year at Images Fashion Awards for 5 consecutive years; No. 1 India’s Best Company to Work for in the retail industry for 2 consecutive years and Top 10 Best companies to Work for in India in 2015 - Great Places to Work Institute®. Currently, Lifestyle is present across 77 stores, 44 cities and delivers to over 26000 pin codes. Lifestyle is a true omni-channel player with its online store lifestylestores.com where customers can shop from the convenience of their home."
Synechron,4.2,(1.6k Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 16 more",22 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"At Synechron, we believe in the power of digital to transform businesses for the better. Our global consulting firm combines creativity and innovative technology to deliver industry-leading digital solutions. 

Synechron’s progressive technologies and optimization strategies span end-to-end Enterprise Advisory & Technology Consulting, Digital, Cloud & DevOps, Data, Systems Integration, and Engineering, servicing an array of noteworthy financial services and big technology firms. 

Through research and development initiatives in our FinLabs, we develop solutions for modernization, from Blockchain and Artificial Intelligence to Data Science models, Digital Underwriting, mobile-first applications, and more. 

Over the last 20+ years, our company has been honored with multiple employer awards, recognizing our commitment to our talented teams. With top clients to boast about, Synechron has a global workforce of 13,000+ and has 36 offices in 17 countries within key global markets. 

For more information on the company, please visit our website or LinkedIn community."
JMC Projects,4.2,(1.6k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 105 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"JMC Projects thrives on its technical capabilities, built over last several years and strong will power, to provide value to customers. This is the premise for establishing a culture of engagement in JMC's credo. Perfecting past knowledge and recapitulating this expertise makes us perform better & faster. Collaborative engagement pro-creates innovation, which ultimately creates a better & sustainable future. This underlines that JMC's pursuit of excellence is just a manifestation of achieving customer delight.

Over the last several years, JMC Projects has evolved as a prominent engineering and construction services company. On the backdrop of dynamic competitive landscape, JMC has weaved in agility and innovation into the culture of the organization. Recent upsurge in customer expectations is bound to unlock exciting opportunities of lifting our own standards."
Radisson Hotels,4.0,(1.6k Reviews),Private,"Minnetonka,Minnesota + 88 more",114 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"adisson Blu Plaza Delhi is located within 4-5 Km of the International Airport. It offers a feel-at-home business or leisure stay with easy access to shopping and business districts of both Delhi and Gurgaon. Designed for travelers who want to be in a central location, Radisson Blu Plaza Delhi has 261 beautifully appointed guest rooms, including 140 Superior Rooms, 64 Premium Rooms, 35 Business Class Rooms, 7 Executive Suites, 13 Deluxe Suites and 2 Presidential Suites. Contemporary and modern in setting, all rooms offer elegant décor and luxurious amenities. Guests can savour the critically acclaimed cuisine, enjoy top-of-the-line service, relax at the Savannah bar and de-stress at the R-The spa. The Radisson’s theme-based spa suites are a perfect wellness retreat - a rejuvenating haven to restore energies, detox and unwind. Spread over an area of 20,000 sq ft at three levels, the spa offers the right blend of Asian traditions and European therapies. Radisson Blu Plaza Delhi is ideally suited for business travelers and leisure from across the globe. Guests can also enjoy unlimited kababs at The Great Kabab Factory and all-day dining at NYC. A state-of-the-art gym makes it easy to keep up with your workout routine, and the luxurious on-site spa helps melt away the stress of the business day. Hotel guests can host Delhi meetings and events for up to 1000 people as well."
Birlasoft,3.8,(1.6k Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 26 more",28 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Birlasoft combines the power of domain, enterprise and digital technologies to reimagine business processes for customers and their ecosystem. Its consultative and design thinking approach makes societies more productive by helping customers run businesses. As part of the multibillion dollar diversified The CK Birla Group, Birlasoft with its 10,000 engineers, is committed to continuing our 158-year heritage of building sustainable communities."
Max Healthcare,4.1,(1.6k Reviews),Partnership,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 45 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are one of India’s leading providers of comprehensive, seamless and integrated world class healthcare services. With a network of 14 hospitals, we offer treatment across all 29 specialties. We have 2300+ leading doctors with international level expertise who are committed to provide highest standards of medical excellence at a fraction of international costs. Our NABH and ISO accredited hospitals offer best in class services to our patients. We understand seeking medical treatment outside your home can be physically and mentally difficult. So at Max, we are eager to get you home!"
United Phosphoru...,4.2,(1.6k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 121 more",54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"UPL Limited, formerly United Phosphorus Limited, is an Indian multinational company that manufactures and markets agrochemicals, industrial chemicals, chemical intermediates, and specialty chemicals, and also offers crop protection solutions."
Zensar Technolog...,3.9,(1.6k Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 18 more",22 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We are a technology consulting and services company with 11,200+ associates in 33 global locations. More than 130 leading enterprises depend on our expertise to be more disruptive, agile, and competitive. We focus on conceptualizing, designing, engineering, marketing, and managing digital products and experiences for high-growth companies looking to disrupt through innovation and velocity. 

Our expertise addresses the growing needs of enterprises in dynamic industries such as Hi-tech, Manufacturing, Banking & Financial Services, Insurance, Consumer Services, Public Services, and Healthcare."
I Process Servic...,4.0,(1.6k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 224 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"i-Process Services (India) Pvt. Ltd. is a captive outsourcing setup providing manpower and training support to ICICI Bank Ltd. We specilize in all aspects of employee life cycle management starting with recruitment, compensation & benefit, training, payroll, performance management, compliance, attrition management and exit."
AGS Health,4.1,(1.5k Reviews),Private,Washington DC + 28 more,12 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"AGS is an analytics-driven, technology-enabled organization that provides healthcare billing, coding, and customized analytics services to some of the nation's largest healthcare organizations. Our client services team is second-to-none in collaborating with clients to achieve their revenue goals. 

Our RCM products and services ease our customers’ administrative and financial burdens, so they can focus on their core mission of providing high-quality patient care."
Lenskart,3.2,(1.5k Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 117 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 2010, By an ex-Microsoft 'techie' with no money but truckloads of relentless passion to make a difference in this world, Lenskart is India's fastest-growing eyewear business today.

With a rapidly growing business reaching out to over 1,00,000 customers a month via a unique combination of a strong online business as www.lenskart.com, uniquely designed physical stores, as well as a first-of-its-kind home eye check up' service, Lenskart is revolutionizing the eyewear industry in India."
Walmart,4.2,(14.2k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 72 more",14 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"What started small, with a single discount store and the simple idea of selling more for less, has grown over the last 50 years into the largest retailer in the world. Each week, nearly 265 million customers and members visit our more than 11,200 stores under 55 banners in 27 countries and eCommerce websites in 10 countries. With fiscal year 2018 revenue of $500.3 billion, Walmart employs over 2.2 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. It’s all part of our unwavering commitment to creating opportunities and bringing value to customers and communities around the world"
G4S,4.1,(1.6k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 111 more",27 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"G4S is the leading global, integrated security company, specialising in the provision of security services and solutions to customers. Our mission is to create material, sustainable value for our customers and shareholders by being the supply partner of choice in all our markets.

G4S is quoted on the London Stock Exchange and has a secondary stock exchange listing in Copenhagen. G4S is active in around 90 countries and has over 540,000 employees. For more information on G4S, visit www.g4s.com.

G4S works to safeguard the welfare and prosperity of millions of people worldwide – helping to create safer and better environments in which people live and work."
Fiserv,3.8,(1.5k Reviews),Private,"Brookfield,Wisconsin + 24 more",39 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"The small business owner ready to meet another busy day. The young home buyer on the way to her first real estate closing. Roommates splitting the monthly expenses. The banker wiring funds for a client's business expansion.

Life moves fast. And a new year, a new decade, has begun.

As 2020 gets underway, we know most people aren't thinking about ""financial services.""

But we are. 

We help people and businesses move money and information every minute of every day. Our solutions connect financial institutions, corporations, merchants and consumers to one another, millions of times a day, behind the scenes, reliably and securely. 

We're Fiserv, a global leader in Fintech and payments enabling innovative financial services experiences that are in step with the way people live and work today. We proudly serve clients in more than 100 countries, so their customers, members and consumers can move money when and where they need it, at the point of thought."
Birla Sun Life I...,4.3,(1.5k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 302 more",23 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance Company Limited (ABSLI), is a subsidiary of Aditya Birla Capital Ltd (ABCL). ABSLI was incorporated on August 4th, 2000 and commenced operations on January 17th, 2001. ABSLI is a 51:49 a joint venture between the Aditya Birla Group and Sun Life Financial Inc., a leading international financial services organization in Canada. 

Formerly known as Birla Sun Life Insurance Company Limited, ABSLI is one of India's leading life insurance companies offering a range of products across the customer's life cycle, including children future plans, wealth protection plans, retirement and pension solutions, health plans, traditional term plans and Unit Linked Insurance Plans (""ULIPs"").

As of 30 June 2019, total AUM of ABSLI stood at Rs. 410,110 million. ABSLI recorded a gross premium income of Rs. 12,607 million in Q1 FY 2019-20 and registering a y-o-y growth of 30% in Individual First Year Premium and currently ranked 7th in Individual Business (Individual FYP adjusted for 10% single premium) (Source: IRDAI reported Financials). ABSLI has a nation-wide distribution presence through 425 branches, 9 bancassurance partners, 6 distribution channels, over 85,000 direct selling agents, other Corporate Agents and Brokers and through its website. The company has over 10,000 employees and more than 16 lac active customers.

Aditya Birla Capital Limited (ABCL), is the financial services platform of the Aditya Birla Group. With a strong presence across the life insurance, asset management, private equity, corporate lending, structured finance, project finance, general insurance broking, wealth management, equity, currency and commodity broking, online personal finance management, housing finance, pension fund management and health insurance business, ABCL is committed to serving the end-to-end financial services needs of its retail and corporate customers. Anchored by more than 18,000 employees, ABCL has a nationwide reach and more than 2,00,000 agents / channel partners."
Reliance SMSL,4.1,(1.5k Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 388 more,16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Reliance Smsl Limited is a Non-govt company, incorporated on 08 Feb, 2007. It's a public unlisted company and is classified as 'company limited by shares'.

RELIANCE SMSL LIMITED is located in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India and is part of the Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Industry. RELIANCE SMSL LIMITED has 95719 total employees across all of its locations. There are 538 companies in the RELIANCE SMSL LIMITED corporate family."
Voltas,4.1,(1.6k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 142 more",69 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Voltas is the No. 1* Room Air Conditioner Brand in India. Apart from ACs, Voltas offers a wide range of cooling products including Air Coolers, Commercial Refrigeration, Water Coolers and Water Dispensers. Apart from being the leaders in consumer products, Voltas is also one of the world's premier engineering solutions providers and project specialists. We offer engineering solutions for a wide spectrum of industries such as heating, ventilation, air conditioning, refrigeration, electro-mechanical projects, water management, mining, construction & textile."
Tech Mahindra Bu...,3.6,(1.5k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 35 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tech Mahindra Business Services is a subsidiary of Tech Mahindra which is a part of the Mahindra Group.

Tech Mahindra is a USD 4.9 billion company with 131,500+ professionals across 90 countries, helping 946 global customers including Fortune 500 companies. Their Business Process Outsourcing arm is called Tech Mahindra Business Process Services which provides Next Gen Digital Customer Experience & Back Office services across industries, which include Communication, Media & Entertainment, Retail & CPG, Healthcare & Life Science, Banking & Financial Services, Transport, Hospitality & Logistics and Manufacturing & Utilities."
Aditya Birla Gro...,4.2,(16.5k Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 201 more",166 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),N/A,"A global conglomerate, the Aditya Birla Group is in the League of Fortune 500. Anchored by an extraordinary force of over 120,000 employees belonging to 42 nationalities, the Group is built on a strong foundation of stakeholder value creation. With over seven decades of responsible business practices, our businesses have grown into global powerhouses in a wide range of sectors – metals, pulp and fiber, chemicals, textiles, carbon black, telecom and cement. Today, over 50% of Group revenues flow from overseas operations that span 36 countries in North and South America, Africa, and Asia.

It is also the fourth-largest producer of insulators, one of the top 4 cement producers (excluding China) and is the second-largest telecom company in the world. Over 50 percent of the Group's revenues flow from its overseas operations. The company was named the AON best employer in India for 2018 - the third time in the last 7 years."
HDFC Sales,4.0,(1.5k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 231 more",19 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Headquartered in Mumbai, HDFC Sales was formed in January 2004. Today, after 16 years, it is a workforce of 11,000+ employees in over 350 branches across various locations in India. At HDFC Sales, our clients are at the heart of all our endeavours. We understand that our success only comes from ensuring all our products and services meet the unique needs of each of our clients. Our proactive customer-centric initiatives have ensured a steady upscale in our business and regularly create paths for expansion and growth.

Our people are our strongest asset. We know that the talent and points of view of diverse individuals built our legacy and will shape our future.

What started as farsightedness in encouraging mortgage distribution for HDFC, has today become one of our market-leading products. A one-stop-shop for all financial management solutions, it covers a wide range of products. Our endeavor now is to grow beyond boundaries."
Life Insurance C...,4.3,(1.5k Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 365 more,67 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Every day we wake up to the fact that more than 250 million lives are part of our family called LIC.

We are humbled by the magnitude of the responsibility we carry and realise the lives that are associated with us are very valuable indeed.

Though this journey started over six decades ago, we are still conscious of the fact that, while insurance may be a business for us, being part of millions of lives every day for the past 61 years has been a process called TRUST."
Tata Technologie...,3.6,(1.5k Reviews),Private,Singapore + 35 more,34 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Tata Technologies is a global leader in engineering services outsourcing and product development IT services to the global manufacturing industry; enabling ambitious manufacturing companies to design and build better products. A company of innovators, specialists in the design engineering space, who apply cutting-edge technology to provide a competitive advantage to customers in the manufacturing sector.

The company is a strategic partner for developing complete vehicles, engineering subsystems and components, managing the New Product Introduction (NPI) process through collaborative engineering tools, such as Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) and tying together information created and used throughout the extended manufacturing enterprise.

Tata Technologies is headquartered in Singapore, with regional headquarters in the United States (Novi, Michigan), India (Pune) and the UK (Warwick) with a combined global work force of more than 8,500 employees serving clients worldwide from facilities in North America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region."
Pfizer,4.2,(2.3k Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 103 more",19 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Pfizer is a leading research-based biopharmaceutical company. We apply science and our global resources to deliver innovative therapies that extend and significantly improve lives. We make medicines and vaccines that help people when they are sick and prevent them from getting sick in the first place, as well as some of the world’s best-known consumer healthcare brands. Every day, our colleagues work in developed and emerging markets to treat, cure and eradicate life-threatening conditions and challenge some of the most feared diseases of our time. Pfizer also collaborates with healthcare providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable healthcare around the world."
Kalyan Jewellers,4.8,(1.5k Reviews),Private,Bengaluru/Bangalore + 118 more,30 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Headquartered in Thrissur in the state of Kerala, Kalyan Jewellers is one the largest jewellery retailers in India with a presence in the Middle East. The company has enjoyed a long-standing presence in the Indian market for nearly three decades and has set industry benchmarks in quality, transparency, pricing, and innovation."
ACT Fibernet,4.1,(1.5k Reviews),Private,"Bengaluru/Bangalore,Karnataka + 38 more",23 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"ACT (Atria Convergence Technologies Ltd.) was born out of a vision to become the most admired in-the-home entertainment, education, and interactive services company that creates radical social transformation, and delights and empowers customers.

Today, we are closer than ever to realizing it. Based in Bangalore, we serve a number of cities and towns in Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Tamil Nadu, and Delhi. We are one of the country’s most renowned cable and broadband companies, bringing state-of-the-art services to nearly 2 million happy homes:

Fibernet (Internet over Fiber Optics)
Digital TV
HDTV"
Micro Labs,3.8,(1.5k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 97 more",50 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Established in 1973, Micro Labs Limited is a multi-faceted healthcare organization with a proficient marketing team, state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities and R&D centres that are at par with international standards. All this, robustly backed by a strong distribution network and path-breaking research work has placed us amongst India's fast growing transnational healthcare organizations.

A privately held company, founded by late Mr. G. C. Surana, the company is under the leadership of Mr. Dilip Surana & Mr. Anand Surana.

Micro Labs occupies leading positions in select therapeutic areas like Cardiology, Diabetology, Ophthalmology, Dermatology, Pain / Analgesics etc."
Exide Industries,3.7,(1.5k Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 160 more",76 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"For more than six decades, Exide has been one of India's most reliable brands, enjoying unrivalled reputation and recall. Our constant emphasis on innovation, extensive geographic footprint, strong relationship with marquee clients and steady technology upgradations with global business partners have made us a distinct frontrunner in the lead-acid storage batteries space for both automotive and industrial applications."
Extramarks Educa...,3.7,(1.5k Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 90 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Extramarks is among the fastest growing educational technology companies, with a global footprint. The company has a huge presence in India, South Africa, Indonesia and the Middle East. Extramarks has revolutionized the way education is perceived and delivered, custom creating learning solutions for the 21st century learner.

We are a team of exceptional academics, technology experts and visualizers, who help simplify textbook learning through rich media based modules.

Our efforts are supported by a 2000 strong sales team, present pan-India, which helps us reach directly to the final consumer. We have recently pressed the pedal to increase the sales momentum, opening offices in close to 70 cities, reaching hitherto unexplored geographies and people. 

Extramarks was founded in 2007 by Mr. Atul Kulshrestha, the visionary and transformative mind who has been leading the disruptions in the edtech domain from the front. In the past decade, a family of more than 3500 employees has come together to carry forth the Extramarks mission. 
Our product range is huge! From pre-school, to extensive K12 coverage, going over to higher studies and competitive exams, we have it all. 

We are also disrupting the coaching segment through the Extramarks Smart Coaching Centres, present in 17 cities with 23 centres. These centres provide coaching for IIT-JEE, NEET and Foundation courses, through latest classroom technology and India’s top faculty. 

Students love learning with us! Our learners exceed 6 million in number and they spend an average of 97 minutes per day on our platform.
Working at Extramarks provides the unique opportunity to become a part of this learning revolution taking place in India, where more and more students are shifting towards the digital mode of education."
HCL Infosystems,4.0,(1.5k Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 102 more",47 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"HCL Infosystems handles IT from A to Z. The company manufactures and distributes a wide array of technology products, including PCs, servers, data storage and networking equipment, printing and imaging systems, and software. It sells both its own lines and third-party products. HCL also provides services that include system integration, facilities management, and managed services. It markets to consumers through its Digilife stores and other retailers. The company sells to enterprise clients in such industries as government, financial services, and education. HCL Infosystems' sister company, HCL Technologies, provides offshore IT services."
TVS Supply Chain...,4.0,(1.6k Reviews),"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 114 more",127 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"TVS Supply Chain Solutions (TVS SCS) is a global provider of world-class, end-to-end supply chain services for the Automotive, Beverage, Defence, Industrial and Utilities markets. 

We address supply chain challenges for international organizations, government departments, large and medium-sized businesses and trade on the ability to reduce our client's operating costs and improve their performance through efficient and innovative solutions.

TVS Supply Chain Solutions operates on a global scale and provides capabilities that can meet the needs of your supply chain across the globe."
Delhi Public Sch...,3.9,(1.5k Reviews),Public,"Greater Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 211 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The DPS Society is a non-profit, non-proprietary, private, educational organization. This Global Network of over 200 English medium, co-educational, secular schools provides education from Pre-Nursery/Nursery to Class XII. The DPS Family – with its transcontinental identity, is not merely a list of institutions, persons or facts; it is a network of values, systems and relationships."
Britannia,4.2,(1.5k Reviews),Public,"Reading,Reading + 180 more",131 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Britannia Industries is one of India’s leading food companies with a 100 year legacy and annual revenues in excess of Rs. 9000 Cr. Britannia is among the most trusted food brands, and manufactures India’s favorite brands like Good Day, Tiger, NutriChoice, Milk Bikis and Marie Gold which are household names in India. Britannia’s product portfolio includes Biscuits, Bread, Cakes, Rusk, and Dairy products including Cheese, Beverages, Milk and Yoghurt. Britannia is a brand which many generations of Indians have grown up with and our brands are cherished and loved in India and the world over. Britannia products are available across the country in close to 5 million retail outlets and reach over 50% of Indian homes.

The company’s Dairy business contributes close to 5 per cent of revenue and Britannia dairy products directly reach 100,000 outlets.

Britannia Bread is the largest brand in the organized bread market with an annual turnover of over 1 lac tons in volume and Rs.450 crores in value. The business operates with 13 factories and 4 franchisees selling close to 1 mn loaves daily across more than 100 cities and towns of India.

We have a presence in more than 60 countries across the globe. Our international footprint includes presence in Middle East through local manufacturing in UAE and Oman, are the No 2 biscuit player in UAE with a strong contention to leadership and have a similarly strong market position in the other GCC countries. We are also the market leaders in Nepal and are in the process of investing a manufacturing facility in the country."
Samsung Electron...,4.2,(1.4k Reviews),Noida + 177 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Ajanta Pharma,4.0,(1.4k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 83 more",50 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ajanta Pharma is a specialty pharmaceutical company engaged in development, manufacturing and marketing of quality finished dosages. Committed to 'Serve Health Care Needs Worldwide', we produce a comprehensive range of specialty products targeting different therapeutic segments for treatment of patients, customised to each market we are present in. We clearly understand our customer’s needs and use cutting edge technology to present innovative solutions. Our business includes Branded Generics in emerging markets of Asia and Africa, Generics in the developed markets of USA and Institution sales."
PepsiCo,4.2,(1.5k Reviews),Private,"Harrison,New York + 183 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In 1965, Donald Kendall, the CEO of Pepsi-Cola, and Herman Lay, the CEO of Frito-Lay, recognized what they called “a marriage made in heaven,” a single company delivering perfectly-salty snacks served alongside the best cola on earth. Their vision led to what quickly became one of the world's leading food and beverage companies: PepsiCo.

For more than 50 years, as tastes, trends and lifestyles have changed, PepsiCo has evolved with them. Our willingness to adapt and grow has transformed our snack and soda company into a collection of global brands including Pepsi and Quaker, Gatorade and Tropicana, Frito-Lay and beyond. Today, PepsiCo is one of the world’s most-respected companies with products sold in more than 200 countries and territories and 22 brands that generate more than $1 billion each in estimated annual retail sales.

PepsiCo is also celebrated for its commitment to doing business the right way, integrating Purpose into our business strategy. In 2019, we adopted a new vision: to Be the Global Leader in Convenient Foods and Beverages by Winning with Purpose. Winning with Purpose is the next chapter in our purpose agenda and conveys our belief that sustainability can be an even greater contributor to our success in the marketplace."
Bajaj Allianz Ge...,4.2,(1.4k Reviews),Pune + 164 more,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
R.R. Donnelley,4.1,(1.4k Reviews),Private,"Chicago,Illinois + 9 more",159 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"R.R. Donnelley is an American Fortune 500 integrated communications company that provides marketing and business communications, commercial printing, and related services. Its corporate headquarters are located in Chicago, Illinois, United States."
Societe Generale,3.8,(1.4k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 12 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Societe Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model, the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth, aiming to be the trusted partner for its clients, committed to the positive transformations of the world.

Active in the real economy for over 150 years, with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world, Societe Generale employs over 149,000 members of staff in 67 countries and supports on a daily basis 31 million individual clients, businesses and institutional investors around the world. The Group offers a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions to secure transactions, protect and manage assets and savings, and help its clients finance their projects. Societe Generale seeks to protect them in both their day-to-day life and their professional activities, offering the innovative services and solutions they require. The Group’s mission is to empower each and everyone who wants to have a positive impact on the future."
BlackBuck,3.9,(1.4k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 233 more",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"BlackBuck marks the beginning of a new path in trucking - a path that is organized and makes trucking simple for every shipper and trucker.

Founded in 2015, BlackBuck has been a pioneer in bringing the offline operations of trucking online, be it matching a shipper with a trucker or reshaping the infrastructure around trucking to facilitate payments, insurance, and financial services. We at BlackBuck are committed to making it easier for millions of truckers to book a load and move at capacity, and enable shippers of all sizes to have access to the right truck, at the right time for the right price – all at a click of a button.

Today, BlackBuck is India’s largest trucking network, and our robust ‘Freight’ and ‘Services’ technology platforms deliver reliability, efficiency and seamless experience for shippers and truckers."
Cholamandalam MS...,4.0,(1.4k Reviews),JV,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 278 more",22 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Chola MS General Insurance Company Limited is a Joint Venture between the Murugappa Group and Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company Limited, Japan.

Chola MS offers a wide range of insurance products that include Motor, Health, Property, Accident, Engineering, Liability, Marine, Travel and Crop insurance for individuals and corporates. In 2018, the company achieved a Gross Written Premium (GWP) of INR 41,026 million. Chola MS currently has 87 branches and over 34,000 agents across the country.

Chola MS champions a brand philosophy called T3, which stands for Trust, Transparency, and Technology. It has also been consistently recognised and awarded by the Government of India, international entities and ratings agencies for its insurance service and delivery innovations."
IGT Solutions,3.5,(1.4k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 16 more",25 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"IGT Solutions (IGT) is committed to simplifying complex customer interactions while delivering a seamless experience. It provides integrated BPM, Technology and Digital Services & Solutions for clients across industries.IGT Solutions is a next-gen customer experience (CX) company, defining and delivering transformative experiences for the global and most innovative brands using digital technologies. With the combination of Digital and Human Intelligence, IGT becomes the preferred partner for managing (end-to-end) CX journeys across Travel and Hi-tech industries.

Established in 1998, with 100% focus on customer experience, IGT employs more than 20,000+ customer experience and technology specialists providing services to 75+ marquee customers globally. IGT’s global footprint consists of 23 delivery centers in China, Philippines, Malaysia, India, UAE, Romania, Indonesia, Spain, Colombia and the USA."
Mahindra Rural H...,4.1,(1.4k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 334 more",16 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited (MRHFL), a subsidiary of Mahindra and Mahindra Financial Services Limited (MMFSL), has been established to provide Home Loans primarily in rural areas. MMFSL has been operating in Rural India for over 25 years by concentrating on financing farm equipment and vehicles for the under-banked customers. MRHFL identified a market for Home Loans designed specifically for the under served, fulfilling its mission of ""Transforming Lives""​. Since inception in April 2007, MRHFL has opened operations in 13 states namely: Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Chattisgarh, Karnataka, Kerala and Bihar."
BHEL,4.2,(1.4k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 89 more",59 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"BHEL as a part of Pt. Jawaharlal Nehru's vision was bestowed with the onus to make the country self reliant in manufacturing of heavy electrical equipment. This dream has been more than realised and the contribution in nation building endeavour is going to continue likewise. Today, with 20,000 MW per annum capacity for power plant equipment manufacturing, BHEL's mammoth size of operations is evident from its widespread network of 17 Manufacturing Units, two Repair Units, four Regional Offices, eight Service Centres, eight Overseas Offices, six Joint Ventures, fifteen Regional Marketing Centres and current project execution at more than 150 project sites across India and abroad. The total installed capacity base of BHEL supplied equipment -138 GW in India speaks volumes about the contribution made by BHEL to Indian power sector. BHEL's 57% share in India's total installed capacity and 65% share in the country's total generation from thermal utility sets (coal based) as of March 31, 2014 stand testimony to this. The company has been earning profits continuously since 1971-72 and paying dividends since 1976-77 which is a reflection of company's commendable performance throughout."
Blue Star,4.1,(1.4k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 114 more",80 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Blue Star is India's leading air conditioning and commercial refrigeration company, with an annual revenue of over ₹5200 crores (over US$ 750 million), a network of 32 offices, 5 modern manufacturing facilities, 2800 employees, and 2900 channel partners. The Company has 5000 stores for room ACs, packaged air conditioners, chillers, cold rooms as well as refrigeration products and systems, along with 765 service associates reaching out to customers in over 800 towns. Blue Star's integrated business model of a manufacturer, contractor and after-sales service provider enables it to offer an end-to-end solution to its customers, which has proved to be a significant differentiator in the market place. In fact, every third commercial building in India has a Blue Star product installed.
The Company fulfills the cooling requirements of a large number of corporate, commercial as well as residential customers. Blue Star has also forayed into the residential water purifiers business with a stylish and differentiated range including India’s first RO+UV Hot & Cold water purifier; as well as the air purifiers and air coolers businesses. The Company also offers expertise in allied contracting activities such as electrical, plumbing, fire-fighting and industrial projects, in order to offer turnkey solutions, apart from execution of specialised industrial projects."
Renault-Nissan,4.1,(1.4k Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 67 more",16 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Established in 2007, it is located in Mahindra World City, Chennai, India, and employs over 8,000 employees. RNTBCI has bestowed with ISO 9001:2015 certification in 2019 and ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certification in 2020.

Renault Nissan Technology & Business Centre India (RNTBCI) is crafting the future of the automotive industry through advanced engineering and emerging manufacturing technologies. These innovations are achievable through the company's diverse and inclusive workplace culture. 

Our way of working is embracing a culture of Respect, Equity & Dignity that encourages fairness, collaboration, and compassion. Renault Nissan Technology & Business Centre India Private Limited (RNTBCI) CSR philosophy is to graciously give back a piece of our success to society. We believe in contributing to the right people for the right cause and through the right forum."
The Himalaya Dru...,4.2,(1.4k Reviews),Private,"San Francisco,California + 155 more",93 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Today, the Himalaya brand is synonymous with safe and efficacious herbal products. Starting off operations in Dehradun way back in the 1930s, the company later spread its wings to Mumbai and across the country. In 1975, the company set up an advanced manufacturing facility in Makali, Bengaluru, India. In 1991, the company relocated its R&D facility to Bengaluru.  We operate in over 90 countries, our products are prescribed by 400,000 doctors worldwide, and millions of customers trust us for their health and personal care needs. Himalaya Global Holdings Ltd. (HGH) is the parent of all Himalaya subsidiaries."
PVR Cinemas,4.3,(1.4k Reviews),Public,Gurgaon + 89 more,26 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"PVR Ltd. is the largest and the most premium film exhibition company in India. Since its inception in 1997, the brand has redefined the cinema industry and the way people watch movies in the country. The company acquired Cinemax in 2012 and had taken over DT Cinemas in the year 2016 serving 100 million + patrons annually. Currently PVR operates a cinema circuit of 800 Screens at 170 Properties in 69 Cities (21 states & UTs).

PVR offers a grand collection of cinema formats. From its Mainstream to Gold Class Cinemas, Director’s Cut to the latest sub brands - PVR ICON and PVR Superplex, the company has made exceptional technology like the IMAX®, 4DX and ECX (Enhanced Cinema Experience) accessible to its audience. VR’s recent addition has been P[XL] – India’s first premium extra-large home grown big screen format for a truly enigmatic movie watching experience.

PVR Ltd, the integrated ‘film and retail brand’ has PVR Cinemas as its major subsidiary. Its other two subsidiaries are PVR Leisure and PVR Pictures. PVR Pictures has been a prolific distributor of non-studio/ independent international films in India since 2002. With over 350+ Hollywood, 175+ Hindi, 75+ regional films across genres being released under this banner over more than a decade, PVR Pictures has the highest box office shares of independent foreign language films in the country. The arm has been instrumental in recognizing the gap with respect to the demand and supply of discerning cinema and has consistently released around 30-40 films per year."
Emcure Pharmaceu...,4.0,(1.5k Reviews),Private,Pune + 79 more,42 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Our company was incorporated as Emcure Pharmaceuticals Private Limited on April 16, 1981 as a private limited companies Act, 1956. Our name embodies our purpose and core belief of the entire company which is to make Effective Medicine to Cure patients for enabling them to lead healthier lives.

We are a fast growing Indian pharmaceuticals company engaged in developing, manufacturing and marketing a broad range of pharmaceuticals products globally. Our core strength lies in developing and manufacturing differentiated pharmaceuticals products in-house, which we commercialize through our marketing  infrastructure across geographies and relationships with multi-national pharmaceutical companies."
Dalmia Bharat Ce...,4.1,(1.4k Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 141 more",88 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Founded by Jaidayal Dalmia in 1939, Dalmia Cement is one of India’s pioneering cement companies. Headquartered in New Delhi, the company operates as Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Ltd., which is in turn is a 100% subsidiary of Dalmia Bharat Ltd., listed on the National Stock Exchange and Bombay Stock Exchange (NSE: DALBHARAT; BOM: 542216).

It is a part of the Dalmia Bharat Group, one of India’s most respected business conglomerates- the other businesses of which include Sugar and Refractory products."
State Street Cor...,3.8,(1.6k Reviews),Private,"Boston,Massachusetts + 12 more",231 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"This Is State Street

We’re at the heart of financial services. And our clients are at the heart of everything we do. We develop solutions to meet their challenges.
We recruit the best. We build partnerships and invest in innovation to help them seize new opportunities."
Taurus BPO Serv...,4.7,(1.4k Reviews),LLP,"Pune,Indore + 10 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are ten years old BPO operating from Mumbai, Indore, Pune, Kolkata, Bengaluru and Chennai. We have 2000 employees, 13 plus clients, supporting 19 plus languages and 30 plus processes. 

We claims ourselves as Sales and Collections specialist with End to End approach of delivery. 

We are company with BPO vision to be 5000 employees by next 3 years. We have 100% hiring approach for women callers. We offer lot of employee growth internally."
Raymond,4.0,(1.7k Reviews),Public,New York + 108 more,98 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Incepted in 1925, Raymond has been synonymous with Trust, Quality and Excellence. Raymond is a diversified conglomerate with majority business interests in Textile & Apparel sectors and presence across diverse segments such as FMCG, Engineering and Prophylactics in national and international markets. Being a vertically and horizontally integrated manufacturer of Textiles, Raymond produces ‘The finest fabric in the world’. With over 1,000 exclusive stores spread across 400 cities and an expansive network of over 20,000 retailers in India, Raymond and its brands are also available in tier IV & V cities. Over the years, Raymond has emerged as a preferred choice for top design houses across 55 countries. Raymond has also been a leading player in Shirting fabrics. Raymond is also the top producer & preferred supplier of high quality Ring Denim to leading global Denim brands. Raymond is a textile powerhouse with state of the art manufacturing infrastructure, best industry practices that has raised the bar of Indian textile manufacturing.Raymond is also an aggressive player in the ready to wear apparel segment with brands such as Park Avenue, ColorPlus, Parx & Raymond Ready To Wear. Having pioneered the innovative concept of customised clothing, ‘Raymond Made To Measure’ offers luxurious service that allows discerning customers to personalize their ensembles in their signature styles.Raymond has a notable presence in the FMCG space through its subsidiaries such as J.K. Helene Curtis Ltd & J.K. Ansell Ltd. that offer male grooming products by Park Avenue, Kamasutra condoms and deodorants and more.Raymond’s state of the art & wholly owned subsidiaries such as Silver Spark Apparel Ltd, Celebrations Apparel Ltd & Everblue Apparel Ltd by crafts suits, trousers, shirts & Jeans for leading fashion labels across the world.It also boasts of a successful and strong Engineering and auto-components business that has some of the leading carmakers for clients"
Mahindra Holiday...,3.7,(1.4k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 86 more",27 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"At the heart of Club Mahindra lies a simple philosophy, of making every moment magical. For our members, our colleagues, our partners, and for every life we touch. How do we do this? By dealing in the currency of laughter and smiles. And in making the most of the moments that are given to us, and the moments we create for each other.

We create memorable holidays in the most popular resorts, drawing from our journal of holiday destinations in India and international holidays. You will find us nestled in hills, lounging on coasts, tucked away in forests, and basking under the desert sun. Our family resorts ensure that customers have access to happiness, freedom, excitement, adventure, romance, and entertainment. Our resorts for kids enable a whole new kind of education, one that is tested in grazed knees, sticky hands, sandy toes, and dripping chins.

Our kid-friendly resorts offer a host of exciting activities that parent children's duos can partake in, including aqua zorbing, fish dancing, and ziplining. Our family resorts also provide a platform for kids to don different avatars. You can watch your children play MasterChef, as they whip up delicious treats. Or perhaps, marvel at their creativity as they craft intricate and colorful puppets. Is it any wonder that kids absolutely love it here?

Family vacations with Club Mahindra mean more than recreation and sightseeing holidays. They mean taking home an album of extraordinary memories to be cherished for a lifetime. Because memories begin here. With us. At Club Mahindra. Where the culture translates to simply magical."
Poonawalla Finco...,4.0,(1.7k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 238 more",35 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Magma Fincorp Limited is one of the leading retail asset finance companies in India. Since our inception in 1988, Magma has been investing in helping to transform the diverse aspirations of its customers into credible achievements. A one-stop shop for varied financing solutions, Magma caters to a wide cross-section of customers."
UNO Minda,4.1,(1.4k Reviews),Gurgaon + 60 more,65 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Making its mark in the International Grid of Automobile Components manufacturing, UNO MINDA steers ahead as a leading Tier 1 supplier of Proprietary Automotive Solutions to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs). Incepted way back in 1958 with a meagre start-up capital and now notching up a group turnover beyond US$ 1140 million, speaks volumes of the conglomerate that it is today.

For nearly six decades, UNO MINDA has made significant contributions to the automotive industry supply chain with innovative products, designed and engineered for efficiency with an emphasis on enhanced comfort levels and fine tuned response.

Technology and innovation are two key pillars of UNO MINDA philosophy. Our underlying vision is to create a culture that fosters great ideas that can be the basis for planning ingenious products, successfully manufactured to deliver value to our customers."
Yazaki,3.8,(1.4k Reviews),Private,"Tokyo,Tokyo + 46 more",82 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Yazaki Corporation is an independent automotive component maker founded in 1941. As well as automotive wire harnesses, our core product for which we command a top share in the global market, we develop and manufacture meters, electronic components and a host of other products for automotive use.
Since our first overseas production site was established in Thailand in 1962, our global development and manufacturing network has continued to grow, along with our relationship of mutual trust with car manufacturers around the world.
With ""A Corporation in Step with the World"" and ""A Corporation Needed by Society"" as our corporate policy, we are committed to being environment-friendly in every aspect of our business. We have developed and produced a long line of eco-friendly and energy saving products, starting with the world's first solar thermal powered air conditioning system in 1974, to the world's first wood biomass energy air conditioning system in 2008.
Yazaki Corporation is dedicated to caring for the environment, making a contribution to society and inspiring trust in all our stakeholders."
Sonalika Tractor...,3.9,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Hoshiarpur,Punjab + 122 more",54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sonalika International Tractors Ltd. stands strong as 3rd largest tractor manufacturing company in the country with the bestselling tractors ranging from 20HP-120 HP. The company is well recognized in both Domestic and International market as a formidable player & has earned the trust of over 9 lakh patrons in more than 100 countries across the globe.

The Company has established World's No.1 largest integrated tractor manufacturing plant which has a production capacity of 3 lakh tractor annually."
TVS Credit,4.3,(1.3k Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 211 more",15 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"From the largest cities to the smallest villages, India is filled with ambition and enterprise. As Indians from all walks of life set out to write their growth story, our timely and affordable credit empowers them to bring their dreams alive. 

As part of the $8.5 billion TVS Group, we empower Indians from various socioeconomic backgrounds with financial products that serve their needs. In doing so, we further the cause of financial inclusion. Our two wheeler, used car, three wheeler, and tractor loans are designed for Indians in small towns and the rural heartland, for our nation's growth is powered by their prosperity. Our foray into the used commercial vehicle and consumer durable finance is yet another step in this direction. 

Our entrepreneurial culture, which inspires us to deliver our best, has given rise to such initiatives as TEDDI, a framework to implement innovative ideas, and GURU, a mentorship program to help new employees deliver excellence from Day One. With over 4.4 million customers and a long-term CRISIL rating of AA-, our growth is built on firm foundations."
Shree Cement,4.2,(1.3k Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 142 more",44 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Shree Cement is primarily an Indian cement manufacturer. It was founded in Beawar in the Ajmer district of Rajasthan in the year 1979 and now headquartered in Kolkata, is one of the biggest cement makers in Northern India. It also produces and sells power under the name Shree Power and Shree Mega Power."
Parle Agro,4.2,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 149 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Parle Agro, India’s leading beverage company, has been home to innovators who’ve created some of India’s iconic brands such as Frooti, Appy, Appy Fizz and Bailley. Today, with over 5,000 employees, 76 state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities, and more than 5,000 channel partners, we are quenching the thirst of every Indian through a network of 1.5 million+ outlets."
ElasticRun,3.6,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 261 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ElasticRun extends the reach of brand’s direct distribution networks to deep rural markets. It enables access to a set of net new stores and customers for the brands, which were not accessible through the traditional distribution networks. ElasticRun network helps eCommerce companies reach the customers in far flung rural areas through its crowdsourced logistics network. The rich transaction data generated on ElasticRun platform enables financial institutions to bring in a large number of rural stores as their SME customers. The same set of data further helps the brands to sharpen their marketing offerings to the rural markets.

The deep reach is made possible through the ElasticRun technology platform that enables a “no capex” and “variable cost” crowdsourced logistics network. Through its rural Kirana network, ElasticRun platform would channel trade, finance and data of $600 Bn consumption in India."
CG Power and Ind...,3.8,(1.3k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 90 more",86 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CG is a USD 2 billion engineering conglomerate with an impressive and diverse portfolio of products, solutions and services for Power and Industrial equipments and solutions, addressing myriad needs. Enjoying a reputation of stature for over seven decades, CG, which originates in India, has transformed itself into a global corporation. With a permanent footprint and manufacturing facilities in nine countries across Asia, Europe and North America, CG is fast emerging as a first choice supplier of high quality, ”smart” electrical, industrial and consumer products and solutions all over the world."
TVS Sundram Fast...,3.8,(1.3k Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 36 more",57 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Started in 1966, Sundaram Fasteners Limited has grown into a global leader, manufacturing critical, high precision components for the automotive, infrastructure, windmill and aviation sectors.

Sundram Fasteners Limited is a part of TVS Group of companies. Founded in 1911 by T.V. Sundaram Lyengar, TVS has grown rapidly, expanding its portfolio to become India's  largest automotive component manufacturer. The group has, over the years, diversified into many businesses, with total sales exceeding USD 8.5 billion."
V-Mart,4.3,(1.3k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 201 more",21 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Founded in 2002, V-Mart is a complete family retail store chain offering apparel, footwear and accessories for men, women and kids. The company also offers a wide range of home furnishings, general merchandise, toys, tableware, utensils, and other home utility items.

The rich expertise of 17 years in delivering high-quality affordable fashion, coupled with a wide network of 200+ stores across 171 towns in 17 states and the motto of ‘Price""Less"" Fashion' has helped V-Mart win the trust of more than 3 crore satisfied customers every year.

In 2018, V-Mart Retail was adjudged the world’s best performing departmental store, as per data compiled by Bloomberg. In 2019, the company was bestowed with the 'Transforming India Through Retail' award for ""Transforming lives in Tier II and III cities"" by Ministry of Textiles, Govt. of India."
Ambuja Cements,4.0,(3.9k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 168 more",40 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Ambuja Cements Ltd, a part of the global conglomerate LafargeHolcim, is among the leading cement companies in India. Ambuja Cement has provided hassle-free, home-building solutions with its unique sustainable development projects and environment-friendly practices since it started operations. Currently, Ambuja Cement has a cement capacity of 29.65 million tonnes with five integrated cement manufacturing plants and eight cement grinding units across the country.

The company has many firsts to its credit – a captive port with four terminals that has facilitated timely, cost-effective, cleaner shipments of bulk cement to its customers. To further add value to our customers, the company has launched innovative products like Ambuja Plus Roof Special, Ambuja Plus Cool Walls and Ambuja Compocem. The new products not only fulfil important customer needs but also help in significantly reducing carbon footprints."
Sterling & Wilso...,4.2,(1.3k Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 69 more,96 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Sterling and Wilson group (S&W) is one of India’s leading engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) company. The group operates across the globe in more than 30 countries with a strong presence in regions such as India, the Middle East, Africa, Europe, the Americas and Australia. 
 
From being mainly focused on doing MEP projects in India, the group over the past 10 years has set up global operations in MEP-IEPC, Solar, Transmission & Distribution, Data Centers, and Diesel Generator. With its recent foray into Power Solutions, S&W is perfectly poised to play a pivotal role in the global trend of moving away from thermal plants to a future of renewable energy with storage. 
 
As a responsible corporate entity, S&W has been actively contributing to the socio-economic development of communities in which it operates, through various CSR activities."
Mahindra Logisti...,4.1,(1.3k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 99 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mahindra Logistics Limited is a leading 3PL solutions provider with over a decade of experience. We have a strong presence across the country in our two distinct business segments – Supply Chain Management and Enterprise Mobility Solutions.

Our focus on technology allows us to emphasise on customised, tech-based solutions for our customers, thereby becoming their partners in true sense.

We offer Supply Chain expertise to diverse industry verticals such as Automotive, Engineering, Consumer Goods, Pharmaceuticals, Telecommunications, and E-commerce. And Enterprise Mobility expertise to IT, ITeS, Manufacturing, Consulting Businesses, Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance."
Grasim Industrie...,4.2,(6.7k Reviews),Public,Nagda + 62 more,76 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Grasim is in touch with its soft side and its tough side. Once primarily a textile manufacturer, the company is also engaged in the production of cement and chemicals. Grasim makes 18 million meters of textiles a year in its Haryana and Madhya Pradesh plants in India; its synthetic suiting (sold under the Grasim and Graviera brand names) is sold in a network of more than 250 showrooms and wholesalers. The company also produces viscose staple fiber (VSF). Grasim is a major producer of cement; it ventured into cement production in the 1980s and now operates about two dozen plants throughout India. A subsidiary of Aditya Birla, Grasim was established in 1948."
Datamatics Globa...,3.7,(1.8k Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 22 more,48 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Datamatics is a global provider of Consulting, Information Technology (IT), Data Management, and Business Process Management services to several Fortune 500 companies. Datamatics has a fully integrated offering to support the digital transformation of organizations through Smart Processes, Smart Systems, Smart Devices, and Smart Data. 

These solutions are powered by Robotics, Artificial Intelligence, and Machine Learning algorithms which offer improved business efficiency in the interconnected world. The core operation of Datamatics is built around “Data to Intelligence”, wherein Datamatics leverages data to extract intelligence and patterns thereby facilitating smarter and quicker decision-making. 

Datamatics has extensively invested in research on emerging technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Analytics, NLP, Blockchain, and Robotics. Datamatics' R&D center and incubation hub, DataLabs strives to create intelligent solutions for complex challenges faced by businesses and governments in today’s data-driven economy. 

TruAI, a comprehensive Artificial Intelligence platform that businesses use for Pattern Detection, Text, and Data Mining is a solution from DataLabs. TruAI will power other solutions from Datamatics’ existing portfolio – Robotics, Analytics, and Finance & Accounting, to provide cognitive capabilities that will further enhance productivity."
Shriram City,4.1,(1.3k Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 375 more",37 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Incorporated in the year 1986, Shriram City is prominent in the retail financing space, and among the largest financiers of MSMEs and Two Wheelers in the country. It also offers multiple loan products for acquiring assets such as commercial vehicles, passenger vehicles and home loans. In addition, it offers loan against gold ornaments and for personal consumption. A deposit-accepting NBFC, Shriram City is a part of Shriram Group which is in the forty-fifth year of its existence.

The Company has an all-India presence with nearly 947 branches, and for the year ended March 2020 registered Assets under Management of over Rs. 29085 Crore and a current customer base of almost 40.76 Lakh borrowers."
Exotic Learning,4.6,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Lucknow,Uttar Pradesh + 139 more",3 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"EXOTIC LEARNING IS WORLD'S FIRST AND FASTEST EMERGING TECHONOLOGY BASED ED-TECH COMPANY which mainly focuses on 22nd century educational concepts and skill needs. 
We provide Premium syllabus content  for all classes.
we provide premium skill courses which helps you to lead the 22nd century ."
Reliance Trends,4.4,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 269 more",17 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Reliance Trends is a leading lifestyle retail chain with over 777 retail stores across India. Reliance Trends offers stylish, high-quality products across Womenswear, Lingerie, Menswear, Kidswear and fashion accessories through a diversified portfolio of own brands, national and international brands.The uniqueness of the store is the core, which delivers ""fashion at great value"". Spread over 8,000 – 24,000 square feet of shopping area, each Reliance Trends store is designed to offer a unique shopping experience for the entire family through wide aisles, coordinated displays and highly trained fashion professionals offering best in class customer assistance.Reliance Trends customer through www.reliancetrends.com can access a large collection of fashionable, high quality products at great value delivered at their door steps."
Shahi Exports,4.1,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 47 more",49 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Shahi was established in 1974 by Mrs. Sarla Ahuja, who began her journey as a sewing machine operator in a factory. From its humble origins, the family-owned company has grown to become India’s largest apparel manufacturer and exporter. We now operate 65 state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities across 9 Indian states with a diverse workforce of over 100,000 people. 

Our vertically integrated operations, diversified product range, and strong commitment to ethical operations and environmental sustainability have established Shahi as one of the most preferred garment manufacturers in the world."
Force Motors,3.4,(1.3k Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 70 more",65 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Force Motors is fully vertically integrated, making its own engines, chassis, gear boxes, axles, bodies etc. for the entire product range.Force provides appropriate solutions for transport –both goods, as well as passenger - rugged, reliable and efficient transport solutions for every need - rural or urban, long distance or local, over good roads or bad tracks. The company continues in the founder's vision of providing efficient,utilitarian vehicles that empower the individual entrepreneur to meet his and the country's ever changing needs."
Indus Towers,4.0,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 107 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Indus Towers  has started as a joint venture between entities of Bharti Group(Bharti Infratel Limited), Vodafone India and  Aditya Birla Telecom to provide passive infrastructure sharing to Telecom service providers. It provides a solution called as iSmartCube which is a workflow management system from service requirement to fulfillment such as related to site, deployment, quality check, customer acceptance and ready for service. Indus has been widely recognized for its green sites initiatives by industry bodies like the GSMA Association, KPMG-Qimpro and Amity."
IKS Health,3.5,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",16 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"IKS Health is the premier partner for ambulatory care organizations nationwide. Bringing an integrated solutions set, coupled with insight into industry trends and direction, the team at IKS helps organizations perform more effectively for better clinical, financial, and organizational outcomes. Our global delivery system couples domestic, executive healthcare experience with a worldwide delivery team which brings round the clock services and solutions to our clients. Connecting with a dynamic, educated and growing workforce around the world, allows IKS to bring resources to our clients that the US healthcare shortage has struggled to fulfill."
DS Group,4.1,(1.4k Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 136 more",94 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Dharampal Satyapal Group, is a rapidly growing, multi-diversified conglomerate with presence in diverse industry sectors.The Group has focused on growth & diversification with an undeterred belief in high standard product, reliability and transparency. The product portfolio of DS Group has evolved magnificently over the years and today, it has a strong presence in high growth sectors such as F&B which includes Spices and Beverages, Confectionary, Dairy, Mouth Fresheners, Hospitality, Tobacco, Packaging and Agri business.

Founded in the year 1929, DS Group has remained committed towards creating premium quality products and has been credited with several breakthrough innovations for close to nine decades. The product range of the Group has evolved magnificently over the years and its undeterred pursuit for ‘Quality & Innovation’ has given impetus to consumer loyalty and satisfaction."
Sterlite Technol...,4.1,(1.3k Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 56 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"STL-Sterlite Technologies Limited is a global leader in end-to-end data network solutions.

We design and deploy high-capacity converged fibre and wireless networks. With expertise ranging from optical fibre and cables, hyper-scale network design, and deployment and network software, we are the industry's leading integrated solutions provider for global data networks. We partner with global telecom companies, cloud companies, citizen networks and large enterprises to design, build and manage such cloud-native software-defined networks.

STL has innovation at its core. With intense focus on end-to-end network solutions development, we conduct fundamental research in next-generation network applications at our Centres of Excellence. STL has strong global presence with next-gen optical preform, fibre and cable manufacturing facilities in India, Italy, China and Brazil and two software-development centres."
Whirlpool,4.2,(1.3k Reviews),Public,Michigan + 119 more,112 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Whirlpool Corporation (NYSE: WHR) is committed to being the best global kitchen and laundry company, in constant pursuit of improving life at home. 

In an increasingly digital world, the company is driving purposeful innovation to meet the evolving needs of consumers through its iconic brand portfolio, including Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Maytag, Consul, Brastemp, Amana, Bauknecht, JennAir, Indesit, and Yummly. 

In 2021, the company reported approximately $22 billion in annual sales, 69,000 employees, and 54 manufacturing and technology research centers."
Brakes India,4.1,(1.3k Reviews),Partnership,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 61 more",61 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With over 50 years of history and rich experience behind it, Brakes India Private Limited as part of the six billion dollar TVS group is getting future ready for the opportunities ahead. Established in 1962, Brakes India Private Limited has grown to become the largest Brake manufacturer in India today.

Headquartered in Chennai, Brakes India Private Limited has three main divisions; Brake division, Foundry division and Polymer division. Brakes India Private Limited is the largest component manufacturing company within the TVS group. The comprehensive product portfolio includes calipers, actuation, drum brakes, valves, hose ABS and brake fluid for passenger vehicles, S-cam, Hydraulic drum brakes, Disk brakes and Electro Magnetic Retarders for commercial vehicles and Dry and Wet multiple plate disk brakes for agricultural tractors. The foundry division manufactures permanent mould ferrous castings, Grey iron and SG iron castings using the Disamatic process. As a system supplier catering to the light vehicle, commercial vehicle and the off highway segment, Brakes India Private Limited, with over 7000 dedicated employees supplying systems and components to global OEM’s such as Suzuki, Toyota, Honda, VW, Ford, Nissan Volvo, Daimler, MAN and Indian OEM;s such as TATA and Mahindra, is all set to make it’s mark as a world class player in a very competitive market.

Supporting this large infrastructure is Brakes India Private Limited’s world class foundry producing over 75,000 tons of iron castings in India and additionally another 36,000 tons in Oman created to support the expanding export requirement. Being at the forefront of casting technology, our foundry endeavors to achieve customer satisfaction by Business Excellence through technological leadership. Equipped with a Permanent Mould facility, four Disamatic lines, Kunkel Wagner line and an in-house Pattern and Die Shop with CAD / CAM / CAE, the foundry specializes in the manufacture of Ductile Iron castings in the Sand Foundries. Exports thrust areas being Germany, France, U.K. Sweden, Japan, South Africa and U.S.A. The product mix focuses on safety critical parts such as Brake Calipers, Master Cylinders, Wheel Cylinders, Steering Knuckles, Toque Plates, Turbo Charger components, Power Train components and Compressor parts."
Myntra,4.2,(1.4k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 86 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Myntra is a one stop shop for your fashion and lifestyle needs. Being India's largest e-commerce store for fashion and lifestyle products, Myntra aims at providing a hassle free and enjoyable shopping experience to shoppers across the country with the widest range of brands and products on its portal. The brand is making a conscious effort to bring the power of fashion to shoppers with an array of the latest and trendiest products available in the country."
Johnson Controls,3.9,(2.2k Reviews),Public,Cork + 41 more,28 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Johnson Controls International plc is an Irish-domiciled multinational conglomerate headquartered in Cork, Ireland, that produces Fire, HVAC, and Security equipment for buildings. As of mid-2019, it employed 105,000 people in around 2,000 locations across six continents."
XpressBees,4.0,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 180 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are the fastest growing express logistics service provider in India catering to end-to-end supply chain solutions. This, for us, is not just a corporate brand building cliché but a fact. The one we are very proud of. Since our inception, we have seen a near 100% growth in revenue on a year-to-year basis.
Our penchant for truly bending backwards to meet tough goals and years of industry expertise which, when put together, result in processes that are fool-proof and systems that are intuitive & cutting-edge."
café Coffee day,4.1,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Bengaluru,Karnataka + 81 more",27 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Café Coffee Day, a part of Coffee Day Global Limited, is India’s favourite hangout for coffee and conversations. Popularly known as CCD, we strive to provide the best experience to our guests. Our coffees are sourced from thousands of small coffee planters, who made us who we are today and we're glad to be a part of their lives. We opened our first cafe in 1996 at Brigade Road in Bangalore – the youth and the young at heart immediately took to the cafe, and it continues to be one of the most happening places in the city. CCD to the youth is a “hangout” spot where they meet people, make conversations, and have a whole lot of fun over steaming cups of great coffee.It's been an exciting journey since then to becoming the largest organised retail cafe chain in the country. We’re also present in Austria, Czech Republic and Malaysia, so if your travel takes you there, do stop by our outlets to get a taste from back home!"
Bharti AXA Life ...,3.9,(1.3k Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 206 more,17 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Bharti AXA Life Insurance was formed and commenced business operations during the second wave of growth in the private Insurance space in 2006.

Bharti AXA brings together strong financial expertise of the Paris-headquartered AXA Group and Bharti Enterprises - one of India's leading business groups with interests in Telecom, agricultural business and financial services. Presently, the joint venture has a 51% stake from Bharti Group and 49% stake from AXA, in line with the regulatory framework on ownership in the Insurance sector."
Indian Navy,4.7,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 55 more",73 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"The Indian Navy is the naval branch of the Indian Armed Forces. The President of India is the Supreme Commander of the Indian Navy. The Chief of Naval Staff, a four-star admiral, commands the navy.

The Indian Navy traces its origins back to the East India Company's Marine which was founded in 1612 to protect British merchant shipping in the region. In 1793, the British East India Company established its rule over eastern part of the Indian subcontinent i.e. Bengal, but it was not until 1830 that the colonial navy was titled as His Majesty's Indian Navy. When India became a republic in 1950, the Royal Indian Navy as it had been named since 1934 was renamed to Indian Navy.

The primary objective of the navy is to safeguard the nation's maritime borders, and in conjunction with other Armed Forces of the union, act to deter or defeat any threats or aggression against the territory, people or maritime interests of India, both in war and peace. Through joint exercises, goodwill visits and humanitarian missions, including disaster relief, Indian Navy promotes bilateral relations between nations."
Delphi TVS,4.0,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Kanchipuram,Tamil Nadu + 25 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Delphi-TVS is a joint venture between Delphi Corporation, USA and     T.V. Sundaram Iyengar & Sons, India  manufacturing Diesel Fuel Injection Equipment for Cars, Sports Utility and Multi Utility Vehicles, Light Commercial Vehicles, Tractors, Single & Two Cylinder engines. Delphi is the largest automotive supplier in the world and TVS is the largest automotive systems supplier in India. The company has a track record of sustained growth since it was set up. Delphi-TVS has obtained ISO/TS 16949 and ISO 14000 certifications. The company has been honoured by the ACMA Gold Award for Manufacturing Excellence, ACMA Technology Award, Manufacturing Excellence Gold Award from Frost & Sullivan and  Delphi Asia Pacific Environmental Excellence Award. Delphi-TVS has also won the JIPM TPM Excellence Award (First Category).

Delphi-TVS has invested extensively on facilities, which include engine test cells, emissions test equipment, endurance test rigs, pump calibrating rigs and CAD systems to develop products and applications to meet the ever increasing demands of customer requirement."
Big Bazaar,4.3,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 148 more",22 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Big Bazaar is a household name that is used synonymously with ‘retail’ in India. We represent the requirements of a typical Indian home. Founded in 2001 by Kishore Biyani, we as a retail chain operate under the parent organisation – Future Group – that holds a significant prominence in the Indian retail and fashion sectors.
Big Bazaar is one of the oldest hypermarket chains that houses around 250+ stores in the country. We cover three essential categories in Indian retail: home, food, and fashion. Popular retail chains – like the Food Bazaar and fbb form an integral part of Big Bazaar’s identity. The latter (i.e. fbb) has exponentially grown into a major brand that epitomizes fashion in India."
Exide Life Insur...,3.7,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 183 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Exide Life Insurance Company Limited, an established and profitable life insurance company, commenced operations in 2001-02 and is head quartered in Bengaluru. The company is 100% owned by Exide Industries Limited. The company serves over 15 lakh customers and manages assets of over INR 11000 Crores. During the financial year 2016-17, the company achieved Total Premium Income of over INR 2,400 crores and delivered INR 112 crores in Profits (PBT).  Exide Life Insurance distributes its products through multi-channels viz. Agency, Banc assurance, Corporate Agency & Broking as well as Direct Channels. The Agency channel comprises of 50,000+ advisors who are attached to over 200 company offices across the country.  The company also offers group life insurance solutions. The company is focused on providing long term protection and savings solution plans and has a strong traditional product portfolio with a consistent bonus track record. The company has ISO 9001:2008 quality certification for all Customer Service processes and the ISO/IEC 27001:2013 for information security management."
Cybage,4.0,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 6 more",28 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Cybage Software Pvt. Ltd. is a technology consulting organization specializing in outsourced product engineering services. As a leader in the technology and product engineering space, Cybage works with some of the world's best Independent Software Vendors (ISVs). Our solutions are focused on modern technologies, and are enabled by a scientific, data-driven system called DecisionMines™ for Digital Excellence. This unique model de-risks our approach, provides better predictability, and ensures a better value per unit cost to our clients."
SRF,4.3,(1.8k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 38 more",53 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SRF Limited is a manufacturing company located in Gurgaon, India. The company has manufacturing plants in India, South Africa and Thailand."
Kansai Nerolac P...,3.9,(1.2k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 126 more",103 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In 1920, Gahagan Paints and Varnish came into being at Lower Parel in Mumbai. A century later, this paint company continues to be in an enviable position- that of being the second largest paint company in India and one of the most trusted names in the industry.

So what does it take to go from being a relatively small paint company to being a heavyweight like Kansai Nerolac?

It takes hard work and passion. It takes commitment and courage. It means marching ahead with fearless innovation. It involves taking risks and celebrating when they work. And going back to the drawing board when they do not. It means being keenly attuned to the needs of the customer. And still being invested in the environment. It requires investing in R and D, in technology, in your workforce. More importantly, it requires the unwavering belief in the product and resolute determination."
BT Group,4.2,(2.6k Reviews),Private,London + 14 more,177 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"BT is one of the world's leading communications services companies. We serve the needs of customers in the UK and in 180 countries worldwide. Our main activities are the provision of fixed-line services, broadband, mobile and TV products and services as well as networked IT services.

We are a leading communications services provider selling products and services to consumers, small and medium sized enterprises and the public sector. We also sell wholesale products and services to communications providers in the UK and around the world."
Zomato,3.8,(1.3k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 149 more",15 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Launched in Delhi 12 years ago, Zomato has grown from a home project to one of the largest food aggregators in the world. We are present in 24 countries and 10000+ cities globally, enabling our vision of better food for more people. We not only connect people to food in every context but work closely with restaurants to enable a sustainable ecosystem.

Back in 2008, all it took was an idea to enable digital access to thousands of restaurant menus. Three passionate foodies who hated waiting in lines, drove around Delhi to collect menus from restaurants, scan them and put them online. Their idea has now grown into the vision that drives our team of 5000+ people everyday."
Tata Motors Fina...,4.3,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 202 more",66 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tata Motors Finance Limited (TMFL) is the leading and most preferred financial Institution engaged in financing entire range of Tata Motors Commercial and Passenger vehicles. It is a non-deposit taking systemically important (ND-SI) NBFC.

TMFL is one of the pioneers of vehicle financing established way back in 1957 under a different name. The company is promoted by TMF Holdings Limited Head Quartered at Thane, Maharashtra. The company has a strong footprint across India and operates through its own 260+ branch networks, in addition to Tata Motors dealers’ sales outlets . TMFL’s business interests are focused towards benefiting the parent company and its strategic partners within the Tata Motors eco-system."
Coforge,3.7,(1.2k Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 24 more",19 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Coforge is a global digital services and solutions provider, that enables its clients to transform at the intersection of domain expertise and emerging technologies to achieve real-world business impact. A focus on very select industries, a detailed understanding of the underlying processes of those industries, and partnerships with leading platforms provide us with a distinct perspective. 

Coforge leads with its product engineering approach and leverages Cloud, Data, Integration, and Automation technologies to transform client businesses into intelligent, high-growth enterprises. Coforge’s proprietary platforms power critical business processes across its core verticals. The firm has a presence in 21 countries with 25 delivery centers across nine countries.

CEO Message- Coforge is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, or gender identity, or any other basis as protected by applicable law."
Cromā,4.3,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 95 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Launched in 2006, Croma was the first one-of-its kind large format specialist retail store that catered to all multi-brand digital gadgets and home electronic needs in India. Over a decade since its inception, Croma has almost become synonyms for all electronics needs, with its tech-savvy staff, product range, online presence and the will to help customers.

With this intent to delight customers all along, Croma launched its own label products in 2008. Brand Croma stands for – Life, More Beautiful; the promise is based not just on the beauty in the way they look but also the value they offer to a customer’s life. The range is a perfect fit, for those who desire a completely feature-packed and quality product.
Croma is a brand of Infiniti Retail Ltd., which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tata Sons, the holding company of the Tata Group"
ICICI Securities,3.7,(1.2k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 109 more",28 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"ICICI Securities Ltd is a technology-based firm offering a wide range of financial services including investment banking, institutional broking, retail broking, private wealth management, and financial product distribution. ICICI Securities sees its role as 'Creating Informed Access to the Wealth of the Nation' for its diversified set of clients that include corporates, financial institutions, high net-worth individuals and retail investors. Headquartered in Mumbai, ICICI Securities operates out of 75 cities in India and wholly owned indirect subsidiaries in Singapore and New York.

ICICI Securities Inc., the stepdown wholly owned US subsidiary of the company is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) / Securities Investors Protection Corporation (SIPC). ICICI Securities Inc. activities include dealing in Securities and corporate advisory services in the United States. ICICI Securities Inc. is also registered with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) and operates a branch office in Singapore."
NIIT Technologie...,3.5,(1.2k Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 70 more",19 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"NIIT Technologies is a leading global IT solutions organization servicing customers across the Americas, Europe, Asia and Australia. Differentiated on the strength of its industry expertise, NIIT Technologies services clients in travel and transportation, banking and financial services, insurance, manufacturing and media verticals, offering a range of services including Application Development and Maintenance, Infrastructure Management, and Business Process Management. Focused on Digital Services, the Company is helping businesses design agile, scalable and digital operating models. NIIT Technologies adheres to major global benchmarks and standards of quality and Information Security. For further information, please visit www.niit-tech.com."
Square Yards,3.2,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 37 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Square Yards is a full-stack proptech platform; playing the entire consumer journey from Search & Discovery --> Transactions --> Mortgages --> Home furnishing --> Rentals and Property Management. Square Yards is also building B2B disruptive proprietary platforms for stakeholders such as Developers, Financial Institutions, and Agents.

Square Yards helps transact 15,000+ transactions worth US1bn+ every year, with profitable economics. It is also one of the few Indian startups to have transitioned successfully to the global landscape, with more than a quarter of revenues coming from global markets such as the Middle East, Australia, and Canada.

With the help of Data Analytics and VR tools, www.squareyards.com is trying to disrupt the traditional ecosystem of marketplaces, with a bet on building the first MLS in India. At the same time, adjacent B2C platforms such as Azuro, Interior Company, and Urban Money are scaling up to become category leaders led by significant strategic benefits of playing the entire value chain."
Honda,4.2,(4.5k Reviews),Private,"Greater Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 182 more",38 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"From commuter models loved all over the world, to fun-to-ride dynamic sports models, Honda manufactures a wide range of motorcycles that provide the convenience and pleasure of riding to customers worldwide.

In October 2017, the Super Cub, the world’s most loved, ultra long-selling commuter model, reached an accumulated production of 100 million units. In 2018, Honda released several unique models, including a completely revamped Gold Wing Tour flagship tourer, and a new generation CB series, the CB1000R, CB250R and CB125R. Honda leads the motorcycle market, continuing to pursue even more joy of mobility."
Endurance Techno...,3.8,(1.2k Reviews),Public,"Aurangabad,Maharashtra + 31 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Endurance Technologies is one of India's leading automotive component manufacturing companies. Anurang Engineering Company Private Limited which merged into our company in 2006, commenced manufacturing of aluminium castings in Aurangabad, Maharashtra, India in FY 1986. Over time, we have grown organically in India and diversified our capabilities by introducing suspension products, transmission products and braking systems. Starting with two aluminium casting machines in FY 1986, we have grown to operate 16 plants in India and 9 plants in Europe. Today Endurance Technologies is the largest aluminium die casting manufacturer* in India and one of the leading automotive component manufacturers in aluminium die casting (including alloy wheels), suspension, transmission and braking systems. We are a complete solution provider from design to after-market service."
Sobha,4.0,(1.3k Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 32 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sobha Ltd. is one of the largest and only backward integrated real estate players in the country. With three decades of experience in creating resplendent interiors of palaces and masterpieces in the Middle-East, Mr. PNC Menon founded Sobha Developers in 1995 with a clear vision to transform the way people perceive quality in the real estate sector in India. Since inception the company has always strived for benchmark quality, customer-centric approach, robust engineering, in-house research, uncompromising business ethics, timeless values and transparency in all spheres of business conduct, which have contributed in making it a preferred real estate brand in India. In 2006 Sobha went public through its initial public offering in 2006, an event that created history when the issue got oversubscribed a record 126 times."
Bharat Petroleum,4.1,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 186 more",71 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) came into existence in January, 1976 when Burmah-Shell was taken over by the Government of India. A Fortune Global 500 Company, BPCL is one of the premier integrated energy companies in India, engaged in refining of crude oil and marketing of petroleum products, with a significant presence in the upstream and downstream sectors of the oil and gas industry. BPCL has attained the coveted Maharatna status. 

BPCL’s Refineries at Mumbai and Kochi, subsidiary Numaligarh Refinery Ltd. at Assam and joint venture Bina Refinery at Madhya Pradesh have a combined refining capacity of over 40 MMTPA. BPCL’s subsidiary, Bharat PetroResources Ltd. has acquired participating interests in 26 oil & gas blocks in India and abroad. BPCL markets its products through a robust marketing and distribution network comprising 14,802 Retail Outlets, 5,907 LPG distributorships, 711 Lubes distributorships, 930 SKO/LDO dealerships, 123 POL storage locations, 52 LPG Bottling Plants, 56 Aviation Service Stations, 3 Lube blending plants and 4 cross-country pipelines. 

During the year 2018-19, BPCL’s gross revenue from operations stood at Rs.3,37,623 crores, net profit at Rs. 7,132 crores, market sales were 43.07 MMT. BPCL has formed 23 joint venture companies covering refining, city gas distribution, renewable energy, pipelines, gas, into-plane servicing, airports, payment banks etc. to cater to the diverse requirements of its customers.

BPCL’s next 5 year strategic roadmap, which will entail investments of over Rs 1 Lakh crores in infrastructure for enhanced customer service. As a good corporate citizen, BPCL’s thrust is primarily in the areas of education, water conservation, skill development, health, community development, capacity building and employee volunteering. With ‘Energising Lives’ as its core purpose, BPCL’s vision is to be the most admired global energy company leveraging talent and technology."
3i Infotech,3.6,(1.3k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 83 more",30 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Headquartered in Mumbai, India, since inception in 1993, the company has been committed to driving business value across all industry verticals.

The Company has over 5000+ employees in 24+ offices across 12 countries and over 1200+ customers in more than 50 countries across 4 continents. With a comprehensive set of IP based software solutions and a wide range of IT services, 3i Infotech has successfully streamlined business operations of customers globally.

The Company has a very strong foothold and customer base in geographies like South Asia, Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and North America.Among its repertoire of IPR based solutions the flagship products of the company are Premia, MFund, Orion, Kastle ULS and Amlock. 3i Infotech also focuses on value added services such as Business Intelligence & Analytics, Infrastructure Management, Testing & Compliance, Application Development & Maintenance, Consulting and its BPO offerings.

The company’s global delivery model focuses on the best resources to be drawn from its vast talent pool to offer optimal solutions for today’s agile business environments."
JK Tyres,3.9,(1.2k Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 108 more,72 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Part of the JK Organisation, JK Tyre & Industries Ltd is a leading tyre manufacturer in India and amongst the top 25 manufacturers in the world with a wide range of products catering to diverse business segments in the automobile industry. JK Tyre is the only tyre manufacturer in India to be included in the list of Superbrand in 2017, the sixth time the honour has been conferred upon the company

JK Tyre has global presence in 100 countries across six continents, backed by production support from 12 plants - 9 in India and 3 in Mexico. Currently, the capacity across all its plants is about 35 million tyres per annum. In April 2016, JK Tyre acquired Cavendish India Limited from Birla Tyres. While acquisition added three modern plants to its portfolio taking the total count to 12, it helped the tyre major foray into the two/three wheeler segment as well. In 2018, the company inaugurated its state-of-the-art Raghupati Singhania Centre of Excellence (RPSCOE) at Mysore."
Blinkit,3.8,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 53 more",10 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"At grofers, we are leading the charge in transforming India’s vast, unorganized grocery landscape through cutting-edge technology and innovation. We believe every Indian deserves the opportunity to continually improve their life – a process that often begins at home. As part of our mission of helping consumers make healthier, better choices when buying products, we make a wide range of high-quality grocery and essential household products accessible, affordable, and available right at their doorsteps.

We believe that the ecosystem we power can transform the lives of a billion Indians over the coming decade. They will have access to groceries at the best value, be able to discover products that improve their health and wellbeing and spend more time with their families. All this with the assurance that their essential needs are being looked after by us. On the other side of this virtuous cycle are the millions of local businesses catering to a nation’s needs, helping create more opportunities for employment, growth, and above all, a better life."
Lodha group,4.2,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 18 more",43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Whether it is giving India some of its most iconic addresses, adding a glittering icon to Mumbai’s skyline or creating designer residences for Mumbai’s glitterati; delivering meticulously designed offices for a distinguished clientele or conceiving India’s No.1 Smart City with the highest livability quotient, one name is transforming the way we live with landmarks at par with the world’s best: Lodha.

Established in 1980 with a vision of ‘Building a Better Life’, we have passionately created landmarks that are of the highest global standards because we know that the built environment transforms lives. As India’s No. 1 real estate developer, our team of 3000 associates work relentlessly to create developments of exceptional quality and is committed to deliver the world’s finest homes, office spaces and commercial developments.

Our Talent Value Proposition: Build the Best. Be the Best.

• Be part of a company that creates the world’s finest developments and provides an exceptional lifestyle to its customers
• Be part of a diverse team of bright minds, working in a fast-paced environment. A culture of learning, meritocracy and rewards makes it possible for you to be the best in your chosen field.
• Be part of a bigger goal of doing good for our community through child education, women empowerment and environmental sustainability"
Shell,4.4,(1.3k Reviews),Public,"London,England + 73 more",19 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Shell Business Operations Bangalore is one of the four global IT hubs for Shell that forms an integral part of our IT project delivery and support network. We provide IT services to all our businesses – Upstream, Downstream and Projects & Technology – as well as associated support functions."
Saint-Gobain,4.1,(1.6k Reviews),Private,Paris + 74 more,358 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Saint-Gobain, the world leader in the habitat and construction markets, designs, manufactures and distributes building and high-performance materials, providing innovative solutions to the challenges of growth, energy efficiency and environmental protection. With 2013 sales of €42 billion, Saint-Gobain operates in 64 countries and has nearly 190,000 employees. For more information about Saint-Gobain, please visit Saint-Gobain corporate website www.saint-gobain.com or our career website www.saint-gobain-experience.com"
Thomson Reuters,4.2,(1.3k Reviews),Private,Toronto + 19 more,15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Thomson Reuters is one of the world’s most trusted provider of answers, helping professionals make confident decisions and run better businesses. Our customers operate in complex arenas that move society forward — law, tax, compliance, government, and media – and face increasing complexity as regulation and technology disrupts every industry.

We help them reinvent the way they work. Our team of experts brings together information, innovation and authoritative insight to unravel complex situations, and our worldwide network of journalists and editors keep customers up to speed on global developments that are relevant to them."
JCB,4.1,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Rocester,Staffordshire + 71 more",78 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"JCB, is a manufacturer of equipment for construction, agriculture,waste handling, anddemolition, based inRocester, England. It produces over 300 types of machines, including diggers (backhoes),excavators,tractors, anddiesel engines, across 22 factories across Asia, Europe, North America, and South America; its products are sold in over 150 countries."
GE,4.2,(3.3k Reviews),Private,"Boston,Massachusetts + 56 more",131 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GE rises to the challenge of building a world that works. For more than 125 years, GE has invented the future of industry, and today the company’s dedicated team, leading technology, and global reach and capabilities help the world work more efficiently, reliably, and safely."
Future Generali ...,3.9,(1.2k Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 144 more,16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Future Generali India Insurance Company Limited is a joint venture between Future Group – the game changers in Retail Trade in India and Generali – a 187 years old global insurance group featuring among the world’s 60 largest companies.
The company was incorporated in September 2007 with the objective of providing retail, commercial, personal and rural insurance solutions to individuals and corporates to help them manage and mitigate risks.
Future Generali India has been serving the customers by leveraging upon its global Insurance expertise in diverse classes of products of Generali Group and the Indian retail game-changers Future Group.
Having firmly established its credentials in this segment and effectively leveraging on the skill set of both its JV partners, Future Generali India has evolved to become a Total Insurance Solutions Company."
Barclays,4.2,(2.9k Reviews),Private,London + 23 more,333 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Barclays moves, lends, invests and protects money for customers and clients worldwide.
The Board’s principal duty is to create and deliver sustainable shareholder value through setting Barclays' strategy and overseeing its implementation.

Certain responsibilities are delegated to Board Committees, which assist the Board in carrying out its functions and ensure that there is independent oversight of internal control and risk management."
Gabriel India,4.2,(1.2k Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 32 more",62 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ANAND’s flagship company, Gabriel India Limited, was established in 1961 and stands testimony to the Group’s belief in the power of partnership; and close to six decades later, Gabriel India continues the collaboration with the founding partner. Driven by the power of people, we have grown from strength to strength with >300 models of ride control products. We have created a significant presence across every automotive segment and the Company has been recognised as one of the best places to work for in India."
Bhushan Power & ...,4.0,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 47 more",53 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Profile About Us » Profile    Bhushan Power & Steel Limited (BPSL), is a fully integrated 3.5 Million TPA Steel Making Company having turnover of INR 11,288 Crores (USD 1,858 Million) FY14.  The Company is certified to ISO 9001:2008 & TS-16949 Quality Standards and ISO 14001:2004 Environment Management Standards.  BPSL is a leading manufacturer of flat and long products and have state-ofthe-art plants at Chandigarh, Derabassi, Kolkata and Orissa in India. These plants manufacture value added products covering entire steel value chain right from Coal Mining to manufacturing Pig Iron, DRI, Billets, HR Coils, CR Coils, GP/GC Sheets, Precision Tubes, Black Pipe/GI Pipe, Cable Tapes, Tor Steel, Carbon and Special Alloy Steel Wire Rods and Rounds conforming to IS and international standards."
Indiabulls,3.8,(3.9k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 143 more",23 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited is a mortgage lender which is headquartered in New Delhi, India. It is India's second largest housing finance company and is regulated by the National Housing Bank. It is part of Sameer Gehlaut's Indiabulls group and contributes approximately 80% of the groups turnover."
Kalpataru Power ...,4.2,(2.8k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 156 more",42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Kalpataru Power Transmission Limited (KPTL) is amongst the largest players in the power transmission and infrastructure EPC space worldwide. With proven experience and expertise spanning over three decades, KPTL has established its footprint in over 50 countries, executing marquee projects , that deliver complete solutions spanning design, testing, fabrication, erection and construction of transmission lines, oil and gas infrastructure and railways projects on a turnkey basis."
Cadila Pharmaceu...,3.6,(1.2k Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 93 more",72 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Cadila Pharmaceuticals Ltd. is one of the largest privately-held pharmaceutical companies in India. Over the past six decades, we have been developing and manufacturing affordable medicines for patients around the world.

Our innovation-led drug discovery processes ensure the health and well-being of people around the world. Our enhanced investment in innovation and a strong track record in research and development have produced medical miracles that have changed lives and made a profound impact on real life.

Being a care-focused, research-driven company, we are committed to complying with the highest ethical standard in clinical research and medical practice. We want to be valued not only for our pharmaceutical products but also for the way we conduct our research and business activities."
Info Edge,4.1,(1.9k Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 52 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Info Edge has an in-depth understanding of the Indian consumer internet domain. With years of experience in the domain, strong cash flow generation and a diversified business portfolio, it one of the very few profitable pure play internet companies in the country.

The company was incorporated on May 1, 1995 under the Companies Act, 1956 as Info Edge (India) Private Limited and became a public limited company on April 27, 2006. Starting with a classified recruitment online business, naukri.com, Info Edge has grown and diversified rapidly, setting benchmarks as a pioneer for others to follow. Driven by innovation, creativity, an experienced and talented leadership team and a strong culture of entrepreneurship, today, it is India’s premier online classifieds company in recruitment, matrimony, real estate, education and related services."
GVK Emergency Ma...,3.8,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 112 more",18 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"GVK EMRI is an Indian not-for-profit organisation and the largest ambulatory care provider in the world, providing emergency medical services coverage to 800 million people across India and Sri Lanka."
Lucas-TVS,4.0,(1.5k Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 48 more",62 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Lucas-TVS is the leaders in Auto Electrical in India to day with 50 years experience in design and manufacturing. 4 out of 5 vehicles rolled out daily are fitted with Lucas-TVS products. Lucas-TVS is a TS16949, ISO 14001 and OHSAS Certified Company and bagged the Deming application price from the Japanese Union of Scientists and Engineers (JUSE). The fact that Lucas-TVS products are fitted on most vehicles produced in India is because of the company’s ability to respond to changing customer needs swiftly, effectively and consistently. The Company’s in-house Engineering center has been the key driving force behind the design and development of new products. In addition to sound in-house capabilities, Lucas-TVS has strong Technical alliances with leading International manufactures. This has further enabled the Company to provide its customers products incorporating the most contemporary technology."
CSS Corp,3.7,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 21 more",27 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"CSS Corp is a global customer experience and technology services provider, disrupting the industry with a unique intersection of industry-leading proprietary solutions, resilient operations, and innovative business engagement models. The company is a digital transformation partner of choice for its clients, which include the world’s top innovators across industries, from mid-market players to large enterprises."
Coromandel Inter...,4.1,(1.2k Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 129 more",62 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Coromandel International Limited, India’s second largest Phosphatic fertilizer player, is in the business segments of Fertilizers, Specialty Nutrients, Crop Protection and Retail. The Company manufactures a wide range of fertilizers and markets around 4.5 million tons making it a leader in its addressable markets.

In its endeavor to be a complete plant nutrition solutions Company, Coromandel has also introduced a range of Specialty Nutrient products including Organic Fertilizers. The Crop Protection business produces insecticides, fungicides and herbicides and markets these products in India and across the globe. Coromandel is the second largest manufacturer of Malathion and only the second manufacturer of Phenthoate. Coromandel has also ventured into the retail business setting up around 800 rural retail centers in the States of Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka and Maharashtra.

The Company clocked a turnover of Rs. 13,240 Crore during FY 2018-19. lt was ranked among the top 20 best companies to work for by Business Today and was also voted as one of the ten greenest companies in India by TERI, reflecting its commitment to the environment and society. Coromandel is a part of the INR 369 Billion (36,893 Crores) Murugappa Group."
Wockhardt,4.0,(1.6k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 66 more",24 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Wockhardt is a global pharmaceutical and biotechnology organisation, providing affordable, high-quality medicines for a healthier world. It is India’s leading research-based global healthcare enterprise with relevance in the fields of Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology and a chain of advanced Super Speciality Hospitals.

Wockhardt is a true Indian Multi-National Company with a multi-ethnic workforce of 8600 Wockhardt Associates from 21 different nationalities globally. It has 3 research centres and 12 manufacturing plants, with businesses ranging from the manufacture and marketing of Pharmaceutical and Bio-pharmaceutical formulations, Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) and Vaccines."
Power Mech Proje...,3.8,(1.2k Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 93 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Power Mech Projects Limited, is one among the leading infrastructure-construction Companies based in Hyderabad, India with global presence and highly credited in providing spectrum of services in power and infrastructure sectors. It was established in the year 1999 by an  enthusiastic  engineering  entrepreneur   S. Kishore Babu with chosen motto of providing service with high quality, safety and time line, the three virtues still holding the Company in high esteem. As the Company today stands remarkably taller amongst contemporary players in the field with 15,000 direct and 25,000 indirect work force and huge fleet of cranes and machines, it is capable of handling and executing over 4,00,000 MT annually while operating up to 55 sites simultaneously.
The company has emphatically established a niche in power generation covering almost every segment including Erection, Testing and Commissioning of BTG and BOPs, Operation and Maintenance, Repairs, Overhauling, Renovation and Modernisation of power plants and related civil works. Power Mech, having its major operations in India, also extended its operations globally and has presence in more than ten countries worldwide."
Sopra Steria,4.2,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Paris,Ile-de-France + 9 more",55 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Sopra Steria, a European leader in consulting, digital services, and software development, helps its clients drive their digital transformation to obtain tangible and sustainable benefits. It provides end-to-end solutions to make large companies and organizations more competitive by combining in-depth knowledge of a wide range of business sectors and innovative technologies with a fully collaborative approach. 

Sopra Steria places people at the heart of everything it does and is committed to making the most of digital technology to build a positive future for its clients. With 46,000 employees in 25 countries, the Group generated revenue of €4.4 billion in 2019."
Bureau Veritas,4.0,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Paris La Défense,Hauts-de-Seine + 75 more",195 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A BUSINESS TO BUSINESS TO SOCIETY COMPANY:
Bureau Veritas is a world leader in laboratory testing, inspection, and certification services. Created in 1828, the Group has more than 80,000 employees located in more than 1,600 offices and laboratories around the globe.

Bureau Veritas helps its clients improve their performance by offering services and innovative solutions in order to ensure that their assets, products, infrastructure, and processes meet standards and regulations in terms of quality, health and safety, environmental protection, and social responsibility.

OUR EXPERTISE: TESTING, INSPECTION & CERTIFICATION:
Our industry-leading testing, inspection, and certification services help clients improve performance and mitigate risk while strengthening their brands. We also support our clients to be more efficient, methodical, and trustworthy in their journey towards more sustainable business and a more sustainable world.

A Technology Wing of Bureau Veritas:
Bureau Veritas Global Shared service centre, Information System Management- Noida is the corporate IT function of Bureau Veritas (BV) known to be the global leader in conformity assessment and certification services across varied domains of quality, health and safety, environment, and social responsibility (QHSE). 
BV managing a broad and balanced portfolio of activities needs the support of ISM. At Bureau Veritas, the ISM Organization is categorized into ISM Global Organization, ISM IS Organization, and ISM IT Organization.

Since February 2012, GSSC has been functioning as the corporate IT arm of Bureau Veritas called by the name of Information Systems (IS). It has been offering services in the areas of Information Systems, IT Infrastructure, and IT Application development.
The well-Qualified and skilled IT squad at GSSC has been engaged in the seamless delivery of services to Bureau Veritas’ offices across the globe. 

At GSSC, one will find experimented staff with the capability to support high-level expertise. We consider our people to be our biggest assets. It is due to their efforts that we have been growing constantly since our inception. Being a strategic and integral part of ISM, we are responsible for extending 24/7 support across 5 continents.

Areas of Expertise:
• Information Systems (Software Development) Services: .Net Development, Adobe LiveCycle, Enterprise Content Management, Business Intelligence tool – SAP, Business Consolidation Tool – SAS and Testing, JAVA, Mobility, JDE, Salesforce
• IT Infrastructure Management: Network Services, Core and Non-core Application Support (Database services, Server Support, Siebel Support, and IT Helpdesk services)
• Governance & Service Management
Core Services at GSSC comprise of:
• Application & Infrastructure support
• Application Development
• Testing and Analysis
• Transition/Projects
• Asset Management
• Architecture Support
• Process Operations etc."
Syngene Internat...,3.9,(1.2k Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 11 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Syngene is an integrated research, development, and manufacturing organization providing scientific services – from early discovery to commercial supply. We offer services in a wide range of industrial sectors, including pharmaceutical, biotechnology, nutrition, animal health, consumer goods, and speciality chemical companies. Our culture of scientific innovation is driven by the expertise of our highly qualified team of 5,000 employees and is supported by state-of-the-art infrastructure and market-leading technology.
We offer clients a customized end-to-end solution to fulfil their R&D and manufacturing requirements. This is underpinned by a well-established safety framework, track record of quality and compliance, robust supply chain, and access to skilled scientists. Our approach enables us to forge client relationships that move beyond the traditional service outsourcing model into true end-to-end collaborations due to our shared interest in the science and commitment to project delivery.
We recognize that trust is built incrementally project-by-project and we pride ourselves on the many deep, long-term client relationships that underpin our business and demonstrate the value of the work we do."""
Parle Products,4.0,(1.2k Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 152 more,94 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Since 1929, we have grown to become India's leading manufacturer of biscuits and confectionery. As the makers of the world's largest selling biscuit, Parle-G, and a host of other very popular brands, the Parle name symbolizes quality, nutrition and superior taste.

An in-depth understanding of the Indian consumer psyche has helped us develop a marketing philosophy that reflects the needs of the Indian masses. We have made it a tradition to deliver both health and taste, with a value-for-money positioning that allows people from all classes and age groups to enjoy Parle products to the fullest.

With a reach spanning the remotest villages of India and major cities across the world, the House of Parle has become synonymous with trust, globally."
AXA Business Ser...,3.8,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Paris,France + 5 more",77 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"As one of the largest global insurers, our purpose is to act for human progress by protecting what matters.

Protection has always been at the core of our business, helping individuals, businesses, and societies to thrive. And AXA has always been a leader, an innovator, an entrepreneurial company, fostering progress in all its dimensions. Our purpose also links back to the Group's roots. 

From the outset, AXA has been committed to acting as a force for the collective good. From solidarity-based actions with AXA Hearts In Action to work on prevention issues with the AXA Research Fund and the fight against climate change, AXA has always been attentive to its social environment and embraced its responsibility as an insurer: responsibility for taking action upstream in order to better understand risks, with one goal in mind: to ensure better protection."
Ninjacart,3.8,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 80 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ninjacart is India's largest fresh produce supply chain company that is solving one of the toughest problems in the world through technology.We connect producers of food directly with retailers, restaurants, and service providers using in-house applications that drive end to end operations. Currently, our Supply Chain is equipped to move 1400 tonnes of perishables from farms to businesses, every day, in less than 12 hours"
Tata Capital Fin...,4.3,(1.1k Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 127 more,16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tata Capital Financial Services Limited (""TCFSL"") is a subsidiary of Tata Capital limited. The Company is registered with the Reserve Bank of India as a Systemically Important Non Deposit Accepting Non Banking Financial Company (NBFC) and offers fund and fee-based financial services to its customers, under the Tata Capital brand.
A trusted and customer- centric, one-stop financial services provider, TCFSL caters to the diverse needs of retail, corporate and institutional customers, across various areas of business namely the Commercial Finance, Infrastructure Finance, Wealth Management, Consumer Loans and distribution and marketing of Tata Cards."
RMSI,3.8,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 11 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"RMSI is a global IT company providing geospatial and software solutions to clients in sectors ranging from land & infrastructure, navigation & location-based services, utilities, communications, natural resources, and government & funding agencies. RMSI's core competency lies in providing solutions across the entire geospatial value chain - from data enhancement including every manner of data conversion to software development, modeling, analytics, and consulting."
BA Continuum,4.4,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 10 more",20 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"What would you like the power to do? At Bank of America, we ask this question every day of all those we serve. It is at the core of how we live our values, deliver our purpose and achieve responsible growth. Our purpose is to help make financial lives better, through the power of every connection.

We are passionately committed to serving our clients by delivering together, acting responsibly, realizing the power of our people and trusting the team. These values drive our purpose to help make financial lives better, through the power of every connection. As a result, we’re effecting meaningful change across our industry and throughout communities around the world.

Being a diverse and inclusive company means we actively seek out and welcome a variety of skill sets, backgrounds and industry experience. There are certain characteristics—like empathy, understanding and responsibility—that you’ll find when you meet a Bank of America employee."
MSN Laboratories,3.9,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 52 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MSN Group management team comprises of top notch professionals, with extensive experience in synthetic chemistry, process engineering, quality, IT, SCM, marketing, regulatory requirements and environmental safety and a proven track record in pharmaceutical industry. Our outstanding teams of well-educated, motivated and result-oriented employees have contributed actively to our spectacular growth.
Thriving on the platform of innovation and excellence, we have grown into a successful and profitable enterprise with a portfolio covering all the major therapeutic areas.
MSN Groups efficient and well-knit global sales and marketing team of professionals assimilate market trends effectively & market our products in all the major pharmaceutical markets globally. Their professional knowledge and attitude combined with common sense and business acumen have played a pivotal role in surging our sales and revenues.
We have very efficient systems driven supply chain management and a highly responsive customer relationship management team (by michael mosley). In fact, we are the youngest pharmaceutical company in the world to have SAP in place for all our commercial operations. We guarantee competitive edge to our customers because of our absolute cost efficiency and aggressive product development timelines. Along with this commitment comes an irrevocable promise of quality and consistency.
MSN Group seeks to explore and develop more strategic areas to diligently pursue new opportunities and effectively transmit ethically consistent and truthful image of our products."
ValueLabs,3.9,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 11 more",26 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Technology, innovation and problem solving – that’s where we play. We specialize in digital enablement, software product development and data technology. We are a trusted technology partner to over 300 clients globally, serving them from 26 offices worldwide using our OneCompany® model of engagement.
We were born out of an unselfish act when we built a free, computer based learning program for school students. To sustain this financially, we used the same infrastructure for software projects and the original team of 3 people has now grown to over 7,500. The founding unselfish gene is intact and we bring that same spirit of service to clients globally."
Adani Wilmar,4.2,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 120 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are one of the few large FMCG food companies in India to offer most of the essential kitchen commodities for Indian consumers, including edible oil, wheat flour, rice, pulses, and sugar. Our products are offered under a diverse range of brands across a broad price spectrum and cater to different customer groups.

We are a joint venture incorporated in January 1999 between the Adani Group, which is a multinational diversified business group with significant interests across transport and logistics, and energy and utility sectors, and the Wilmar Group, one of Asia’s leading agribusiness groups which were ranked among the largest listed companies by market capitalization on the Singapore Exchange as of February 2021. 
As a joint venture between the Adani Group and the Wilmar Group, we benefit from our strong parentage. We benefit from the Adani Group’s in-depth understanding of local markets, extensive experience in domestic trading and advanced logistics network in India, and leverage on the Wilmar Group’s global sourcing capabilities and technical know-how.

Key Pointers

-One of the few large FMCG food companies in India to offer most of the essential kitchen commodities for Indian consumers, including edible oil, wheat flour, rice, pulses, and sugar.
-No. 1 edible oil brand in India / “Fortune”, our flagship brand, is the largest-selling edible oil brand in India.
-One of the fastest-growing packaged food companies in India.
-India’s largest importer of crude edible oil
-Mundra is one of the largest single-location refineries in India with a designed capacity of approximately 5,000 tonnes per day.
-A largest lauric fat manufacturer in India.
-Largest manufacturer of castor oil in India and one of the largest basic oleochemical manufacturers in India.
-Largest exporter of castor oil and its derivatives and one of the largest exporters of oleochemicals in India."
Aavas Financiers...,4.1,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 197 more",12 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED (Formerly known as “Au HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED”) was originally incorporated as a private limited company at Jaipur, Rajasthan, under the name of ""Au Housing Finance Private Limited"" on February 23,2011.

Company got registered with National Housing Bank (subsidiary of Reserve Bank of India) as a Housing Finance Company (HFC) and awarded the license from National Housing Bank (NHB) in August 2011.

It formally started its operations in March, 2012.

Subsequently, the name of the Company was changed to ""Au Housing Finance Limited"" due to conversion from a private company to a public company on January 10, 2013.

In March, 2017, the name of the company was changed from “Au HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED"" to ""AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED” (AAVAS) vide fresh Certificate of Incorporation (COI) dated 29th March, 2017.

AAVAS is engaged in the business of providing housing loans, primarily in the un-served, unreached and under-served market which include the States of Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Chattisgarh, and Delhi.

AAVAS is primarily engaged in the business of providing housing loan to customers belonging to low and middle income segment in semi-urban and rural areas. These are credit worthy customers who may or may not have the income proof documents like IT return, salary slip and hence are financially excluded by other large housing finance companies and banks. AAVAS uses unique appraisal methodology to assess these customers individually. The financing solution need to be appropriated and suitable to them.

AAVAS believes that every customer is unique and so far as his financial needs & feel it is absolutely necessary not to treat them as a homogenous group of borrowers but appreciate the individual need of every customer, and offer housing Finance solutions that are appropriate and suitable to them.

The “Great Place to Work ® Institute” has certified Aavas Financiers Limited as a “Great Place to Work” based on the rigorous assessment and in-depth analysis of employees’ experience and people practices."
Hindustan Aerona...,4.3,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 37 more",83 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Hindustan Aeronautics Limited is an Indian state-owned aerospace and defence company headquartered in Bengaluru, India. It is governed under the management of the Indian Ministry of Defence"
Sigma Electric M...,3.9,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Garner,North Carolina + 15 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sigma Electric is a leading, vertically integrated manufacturer of electrical fittings and other precision engineered solutions serving as a trusted, reliable supply chain partner to a global customer base. We manufacture and sell metal castings and injection molded products and accessories used in a variety of industries including commercial, industrial and residential construction, and power transmission. Ten world-class manufacturing plants in India and Mexico produce castings and components in a wide range of material grades and alloys such as aluminum, zinc, copper, iron (grey, malleable, and ductile), stainless steel, and steel. Our excellent facilities boast a UL-accredited lab able to perform tests under UL’s Witness Test Data program, a state-of-the-art tool room, R&D center, and liquid painting and powder coating operations. In addition, Sigma has a special purpose machine design/development center, high-end precision machining and sub-assembly capabilities along with global supply chain management expertise. Our 180,000 sq. ft. warehouse / distribution and technical center near Raleigh, NC, USA services our large North American customer base. All Sigma locations practice lean manufacturing and are certified for the latest quality management systems. In addition, we offer our customers the peace of mind that comes with knowing Sigma is compliant with environmental and global safety standards."
Renault Nissan T...,3.8,(1.1k Reviews),"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 11 more",16 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),N/A,"Established in 2007, it is located in Mahindra World City, Chennai, India, and employs over 8,000 employees. RNTBCI has bestowed with ISO 9001:2015 certification in 2019 and ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certification in 2020.

Renault Nissan Technology & Business Centre India (RNTBCI) is crafting the future of the automotive industry through advanced engineering and emerging manufacturing technologies. These innovations are achievable through the company's diverse and inclusive workplace culture. 

Our way of working is embracing a culture of Respect, Equity & Dignity that encourages fairness, collaboration, and compassion. Renault Nissan Technology & Business Centre India Private Limited (RNTBCI) CSR philosophy is to graciously give back a piece of our success to society. We believe in contributing to the right people for the right cause and through the right forum."
XL Dynamics,3.6,(1.1k Reviews),Private,Navi Mumbai + 26 more,21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 2002 and incorporated in 2005, XL Dynamics India Pvt. Ltd. is privately held corporation providing IT, audit and quality control outsourcing solutions to a defined clientele in the US mortgage industry.We have proven expertise to provide comprehensive solutions to a defined clientele in the US mortgage industry, including but not limited to:• IT solutions• Expert analysis and risk assessment audit of complex financial products• Inspection of executed financial trades• Documentation of policies, processes and guidelines• Quality control services, Operations and Servicing quality control• Trading and hedging strategy and support• Regulatory compliance and audit services• Securitization of loan instruments study"
Cisco,4.5,(1.2k Reviews),Public,"San Jose,California + 27 more",39 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) enables people to make powerful connections--whether in business, education, philanthropy, or creativity. Cisco hardware, software, and service offerings are used to create the Internet solutions that make networks possible--providing easy access to information anywhere, at any time. 

Cisco was founded in 1984 by a small group of computer scientists from Stanford University. Since the company's inception, Cisco engineers have been leaders in the development of Internet Protocol (IP)-based networking technologies. Today, with more than 71,000 employees worldwide, this tradition of innovation continues with industry-leading products and solutions in the company's core development areas of routing and switching, as well as in advanced technologies such as home networking, IP telephony, optical networking, security, storage area networking, and wireless technology. In addition to its products, Cisco provides a broad range of service offerings, including technical support and advanced services. 

Cisco sells its products and services, both directly through its own sales force as well as through its channel partners, to large enterprises, commercial businesses, service providers, and consumers."
Jubilant Foods W...,3.9,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 128 more",28 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Jubilant FoodWorks Limited (JFL/Company) is part of the Jubilant Bhartia Group and is one of the India’s largest food service Company. The Company holds the master franchise rights for two international brands, Domino’s Pizza and Dunkin' Donuts addressing two different food market segments. The Company also launched its first homegrown brand – Hong’s Kitchen in Chinese cuisine segment.

The Company currently operates more than 1,200 outlets for Domino’s Pizza, Dunkin' Donuts and Hong's Kitchen and is a market leader in pizza segment. The Company has more than 30,000 brand ambassadors committed to deliver value to its customers."
Yamaha Motor,4.0,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Iwata,Shizuoka + 115 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"For over 50 years, Yamaha Motor group has endeavored to create diverse value through products and services since its founding.

We have worked based on three ideas which constitute our “Corporate Philosophy”. One is our “Corporate Mission”, that is our core identity, values, purpose and visionary goals. The second is “Management Principles” - the guiding management principles for achieving our corporate mission. The third is “Action Guidelines”, the guidelines each individual should follow to realize our corporate mission.

Being the “Kando* creating company” is our goal to “offer new excitement and a more fulfilling life for people all over the world”. We strive to use our ingenuity and passion to realize peoples' dreams and always be the ones they look up to for “the next Kando*.”"
Fujitsu,4.0,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 19 more",88 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Fujitsu Consulting India Private Limited (FCIPL) is the IT services consulting arm of Fujitsu Group. Fujitsu Consulting integrates the core expertise of the Fujitsu companies and its partners to deliver complete business solutions in the areas of IT Consulting, Managed Infrastructure Services, Application Services, and ERP. 

Fujitsu Consulting India is a Global Delivery Centre and is ably supported by its skilled workforce across development centers in Pune, Bangalore, NOIDA, and Hyderabad to enable the delivery of services to more than 36 countries. Our lines of business include Managed Infrastructure Services, Business Application Services, and Enterprise operations Services. 

We were the first in India and second in the world to be assessed with CMMI L5 for services. This enables us to offer our clients quality, predictable, and continuously improving deliverables every time. With over 200 projects across verticals, we endeavor to add value through our services to our customers and offer our employees a world-class work ecosystem to perform."
IDBI Bank,3.8,(2.1k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 241 more",59 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Industrial Development Bank of India was established in 1964 by an Act to provide credit and other financial facilities for the development of the fledgling Indian industry. Many national institutes finds their roots in IDBI like SIDBI, Exim bank, NSE and NSDL"
Dr Lal PathLabs,4.2,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 124 more",74 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1949, Dr. Lal PathLabs today is the largest and most respected diagnostic service provider in the country. It has a proven track record of over six decades for strict adherence to international standards and benchmarks. Dr. Lal PathLabs offers widest test menu and has a pan India presence in all important cities and towns of India, in the form of state-of-the-art laboratories and patient service centers. 

The company has more than 190 Labs and over 2000 centers across India and international operations in Nepal and Bangladesh. 

It serves over 13 million customers every year through its widest test menu and panels in the disciplines of Molecular Diagnostics, Biophysics, Flow Cytometry, Immunophenotyping, Cytogenetics, Endocrinology, Genetics, Nutrition and Metabolism, Oncology, Toxicology, Immunohistochemistry, Infectious diseases, Biochemistry, Haematology, Histopathology, and Cytology. 


Dr. Lal PathLabs has internationally accepted external and internal quality assurance programs in place. The Company is India's highest accredited laboratory, with accreditation from the College of American Pathologists (CAP), National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL), Ministry of Science and Technology, Govt. of India, and ISO 9001:2000 certification."
MetLife,4.4,(1.1k Reviews),Private,New York + 28 more,15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With over 145 years of experience, the MetLife companies are a leading innovator and a recognized leader in protection planning and retirement and savings solutions around the world. We have established a strong presence in nearly 50 countries through organic growth, acquisitions, joint ventures and other partnerships. We are strengthening our global brand by extending core products and competencies to markets around the world – an important driver of growth for the enterprise.

Around the world, the MetLife companies offer life, accident and health insurance, retirement and savings products through agents, third-party distributors such as banks and brokers, and direct marketing channels. We work with families, corporations and governments to provide them with solutions that offer financial guarantees in their lives. Our name is recognized and trusted by approximately 100 million customers worldwide and we serve more than 90 of the top 100 FORTUNE 500® companies in the United States. We have the experience, global resources and vision to provide financial certainties for an uncertain world"
S&P Global,4.3,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"New York City,New York + 13 more",106 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"At S&P Global, we don’t give you intelligence—we give you essential intelligence. The essential intelligence you need to make decisions with conviction. We’re the world’s foremost provider of ratings, benchmarks and analytics in the global capital and commodity markets. 

Our divisions include S&P Global Ratings, which provides credit ratings, research and insights essential to driving growth and transparency, S&P Global Market Intelligence, which provides insights into companies, markets, and data so that business and financial decisions can be made with conviction, S&P Dow Jones Indices, the world’s largest resource for iconic and innovative indices, which helps investors pinpoint global opportunities and S&P Global Platts, which equips customers to identify and seize opportunities in energy and commodities, stimulating business growth and market transparency."
suzuki motor guj...,4.2,(1.1k Reviews),Becharaji + 58 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Karvy Data Manag...,3.5,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 91 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Karvy Data Management Services Ltd. (KDMSL) is a leading provider of integrated business and knowledge process services to clients. Our prime focus is to deliver business services to our clients, through an innovative framework that improves service delivery along the value chain. Karvy’s reach spreads across the length and breadth of the country. A collaborative approach with our clients, helps us achieve this. Our capabilities in large-scale process management services across industry verticals are making us a partner of choice for leading organizations in the country.

KDMSL aims to achieve the leadership position by tapping the Indian retail sector boom, through a combination of our extensive branch network and a strong IT backbone. KDMSL is run as an independent outfit by seasoned professionals, whose expertise of decades in the industry goes a long way in delivering the aforementioned results."
Oberoi Group of ...,4.2,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 28 more",89 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Oberoi Group, founded in 1934, operates 28 hotels and three cruisers in five countries under the luxury ‘Oberoi’ and five-star ‘Trident’ brands. The Group is also engaged in flight catering, airport restaurants, travel and tour services, car rentals, project management and corporate air charters.A distinctive feature of The Group’s hotels is their highly motivated and well trained staff who provide exceptionally attentive, personalised and warm service. The Group’s new luxury hotels have established a reputation for redefining the paradigm of luxury and excellence in service amongst leisure hotels around the world.The Oberoi Group is committed to employing the best environmental and ecological practices in technology, equipment and operational processes.The Oberoi Alumni Group is now launched on LinkedIn. Reconnect with your former colleagues and build your network. Please click on link to http://www.linkedin.com/groups?gid=3768810."
G R Infraproject...,4.1,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Udaipur,Rajasthan + 109 more",28 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"G R Infraprojects is an integrated road EPC company with experience in design and construction of various road/highway projects across 14 States in India. In addition to our EPC activities, we own one operational road project constructed and developed by us on a Build Operate Transfer (“BOT”) basis and seven road projects under the Hybrid Annuity Model (“HAM”) have been awarded to us of which four projects are currently under construction. Our primary business operations are broadly divided into three categories: (i) civil construction activities, under which we provide EPC services; (ii) development of roads and highways on a BOT basis; and (iii) manufacturing activities, under which we process bitumen, manufacture thermoplastic road-marking paint and road signage and fabricate and galvanize metal crash barriers."
SAP,4.4,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Walldorf,Baden-Württemberg + 32 more",51 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"SAP is the market leader in enterprise application software, helping companies of all sizes and in all industries run at their best: 77% of the world’s transaction revenue touches an SAP system. Our machine learning, Internet of Things (IoT), and advanced analytics technologies help turn customers’ businesses into intelligent enterprises. Our end-to-end suite of applications and services enables our customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and make a difference. With a global network of customers, partners, employees, and thought leaders, SAP helps the world run better and improves people’s lives."
Narayana Health,4.3,(1.1k Reviews),"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 47 more",23 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"Narayana Health is headquartered in Bengaluru, India, and operates a network of hospitals across the country, with a particularly strong presence in the southern state of Karnataka and eastern India, as well as an emerging presence in northern, western and central India. Our first facility was established in Bengaluru with approximately 225 operational beds and we have since grown to 23 hospitals, 7 heart centres, 19 primary care facilities across India and an international hospital in the Cayman Islands. The group now features over 6,000 operational beds through a combination of greenfield projects and acquisitions. We believe that the ""Narayana Health"" brand is strongly associated with our mission to deliver high-quality, affordable healthcare services to the broader population by leveraging our economies of scale, skilled doctors, and an efficient business model."
Canara HSBC Life...,3.8,(1.1k Reviews),Government,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 193 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance Company Limited was launched in June 2008 and is jointly owned by two of the leading public sector banks – Canara Bank (holding 51%) and Oriental Bank of Commerce (23%) – and HSBC Insurance (Asia Pacific) Holdings Limited (26%), the Asian insurance arm of one of the world's largest banking and financial services groups – HSBC. The Company has access to around 115 million customers and a pan-India network of over 9500 branches of Canara Bank, HSBC and Oriental Bank of Commerce."
Vardhman Fabrics,4.1,(1.2k Reviews),Baddi + 50 more,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Vedantu,3.4,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 48 more",12 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Vedantu is India's leading Online tutoring company which enables students to learn LIVE with some of India's best-curated teachers. Vedantu`s USP is its quality of teachers. It has some 500+ teachers who have taught more than 1 Million hours to 40,000+ students spread across 1000+ cities from 30+ countries. Vedantu is founded by IITian friends who have been teachers themselves with over 13 years of teaching experience and having taught over 10,000 students.

Vedantu’s online tutoring platform enables LIVE interactive learning between a teacher and a student. It offers individual and group classes. On Vedantu a teacher is able to give personalized teaching using two-way audio, video and whiteboarding tools where both teacher and student are able to see, hear, write and interact in real-time. Imagine it like 'Skype' custom made for education. Vedantu caters to 6th grade to 12th grade and prepares for school boards, competitive examinations and has co-curricular courses as well."
Care Health Insu...,3.9,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 148 more",11 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Care Health Insurance is a specialized health insurer offering products in the retail segment for Health Insurance, Top-up Coverage, Personal Accident, Maternity, International Travel Insurance and Critical Illness along with Group Health Insurance and Group Personal Accident Insurance for Corporates, Micro Insurance Products for the Rural Market and a Comprehensive Set of Wellness Services. With its operating philosophy being based on the principal tenet of ‘consumer-centricity’, the company has consistently invested in the effective application of technology to deliver excellence in customer servicing, product innovation and value-for-money services.

Care Health Insurance has been adjudged the ‘Best Health Insurance Company’ once at the ABP News-BFSI Awards 2015 and again at the Emerging Asia Insurance Awards, 2019 & ‘Best Claims Service Provider of the Year’ – Insurance India Summit & Awards 2018. Care Health Insurance has also received the ‘Editor’s Choice Award for Best Product Innovation’ at Finnoviti in 2013 and was conferred the ‘Best Medical/Health Insurance Product Award’ at the FICCI Healthcare Excellence Awards in 2015, 2018 and 2019."
Hyatt Regency,4.2,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"New Delhi,Delhi + 36 more",43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In 1967, Hyatt Regency Atlanta opened its doors to American civil rights leaders who had been turned away elsewhere. They called it the ""Hotel of Hope."" Our mission of bringing people together and fostering connections continues today, at more than 175 Hyatt Regency hotels and resorts worldwide."
Sify Technologie...,4.0,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 82 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sify Technologies Limited is an Indian information and communications technology company providing end to end ICT solutions including telecom services, data center services, cloud & managed services, transformation integration services and application integration services"
Foxconn,4.1,(1.1k Reviews),Private,Taipei + 28 more,49 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Founded in 1974, Foxconn Technology Group has achieved remarkable international milestones under the leadership of the Group's chairman, Terry Gou. Guided by the key growth strategy that hinges on ""time to market"", ""time to volume"" and ""time to money"", the Group has pioneered a holistic digital solution for the 3C industries based on the integrated concept of ""IIDM-SM"", namely Integration, Innovation, Design, Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing. In 2018, Foxconn achieved NT$ 5.2 trillion in revenue, and received an array of international accolades and recognitions: Foxconn Technology Group was ranked 24th among Fortune Global 100, 105th among Forbes Global 2000, 8th among Forbes Top Multinational Performers, and 215th among Forbes World's Best Employers.

As a leading technological solution provider, the Group has fully leveraged its expertise in software and hardware to integrate its unique manufacturing prowess with emerging technologies. By developing a key growth strategy that deepens and capitalizes on its expertise in Cloud Computing, Mobile Devices, IoT, Big Data, AI, Smart Networks and Robotics/Automation, the Group has expanded capabilities in four key technologies - Data Tech, Analytics Tech, Platform Tech, Operations Tech. Envisioning a robust, dynamic ""8K+5G"" ecosystem that will touch across eight aspects of smart lives, the Group aims to develop into a technology company that revolves around six major flows - goods flow, people flow, technology flow, money flow, information flow and process flow."
CMS Infosystems,3.7,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 132 more",15 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We believe our services help increase the velocity of cash in the economy by providing a wide range of services across each stage of the cash cycle in India: from when the RBI initially deposits cash in branches of selected banks, called currency chests (that are authorised by the RBI to hold and distribute rupee notes and coins for circulation to banks), to when cash is deposited back in banks after going through the various stages of the cash cycle.

The 105000 business points we service are spread across 98.3% of districts in India, through a network that penetrates deep into the growing markets of the country"
Piramal Group,4.1,(2.1k Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 103 more,43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Piramal Group is a global business conglomerate with diverse interests in Pharma, Financial Services, Healthcare Information Management, Real Estate and Glass Packaging. The Group has offices in over 30 countries and a global brand presence in more than 100 markets.
Led by Mr. Ajay Piramal, the Chairman, Piramal Group is a torchbearer of trusteeship and responsible business ethos. Based on the philosophy of 'Doing Well and Doing Good', the Group continues to create long-term value for its stakeholders and the community at large."
Jet Airways,4.6,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 44 more",30 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Jet Airways is the home of India’s premier international airline. We’re proud to bring the people of India together every day through our widespread domestic network which covers metro cities, state capitals and emerging destinations. Internationally, we fly to key destinations in South East Asia, South Asia, Middle East, Europe and North America, covering 66 destinations across the country and beyond.  

Globally, our workforce stands 16000 employees tall, comprising of 36% women. We take pride in 12% of our pilots being women.
Awarded ""India's Best Airline""​ at TripAdvisor's Traveller's Choice® awards in 2017, the Jet Airways Group operates a fleet of 124 aircrafts comprising of Boeing 777-300ERs, the Airbus A330-200/300, Next-Generation Boeing 737s. the ATR 72-500/600s, and our most recent addition - India’s first Boeing 737 MAX.
 
Our major departments include Flight Operations, Engineering, Inflight Services, Corporate, and Ground Services. 
Connect with us here to share ideas and become a part of our #JoyOfFlying journey. Please feel free to share any opinion or suggestion that would help us serve you better."
Tata Play,4.1,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 163 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tata Sky Limited (Tata Sky) is a joint venture between the Tata Sons and 21st Century Fox. Incorporated in 2001 and launched services in 2006, Tata Sky is India's leading content distribution platform providing Pay TV and OTT services. With the objective of connecting to the best content in the world on any budget, any screen, anytime and anywhere. Tata Sky was the first to launch multiple products and services that redefined the subscribers viewing experience in the country.

Tata Sky was the first to bring customized package and ala-carte channels options and Interactive services on the platform, Hindi programming guide, VOD and DIY video library and many more."
Metro,4.2,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 56 more",59 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"METRO operates in 35 countries and employs more than 150,000 people worldwide. In financial year 2016/17, METRO generated sales of around €37 billion. METRO Cash & Carry is the wholesale division of METRO, a leading international specialist in wholesale and food retail. The company provides custom solutions to meet the regional and international needs of its wholesale and retail customers.

Cash and Carry wholesale is primarily defined by its customer base and the unique business model. This means, registered business customers visit a Cash & Carry outlet, select their own purchases and carry these back themselves instead of placing orders with multiple vendors. Every day at METRO outlets across the world, more than 117,000 employees serve business customers with a wide assortment of up to 50,000 food and non-food products, available under one roof at wholesale prices."
AECOM,4.2,(1.1k Reviews),Private,Dallas + 94 more,33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""At AECOM, we believe infrastructure creates an opportunity for everyone – uplifting communities, improving access, and sustaining our planet.

We’re committed to managing our business with the utmost responsibility and to always strive for better — be that reducing emissions, creating social value, or diversifying our senior leadership and workforce.

We understand both the urgency of the challenges facing our society and our responsibility to act in an impactful and enduring way. We’re leading the change towards a more sustainable and equitable future, partnering with those who want to make a positive difference in the world.

We’re listening to clients and the communities we serve in order to improve lives and livelihoods and to create sustainable legacies for generations to come.

Thinking without limits is what keeps us at the vanguard. Ideas have no borders, and this ethos is embedded in our culture. The full scope of our global expertise is available to anyone who needs it, wherever they are based.

We’re trusted advisors — planners, designers, engineers, consultants, and program and construction managers — delivering professional services spanning cities, transportation, buildings, water, new energy, and the environment. Working throughout the project lifecycle, we’re one team driven by a common purpose to deliver a better world.

Our history
AECOM launched when a handful of employees from design and engineering companies shared a dream of creating an industry-leading firm dedicated to delivering a better world.

We became an independent company formed by the merger of five entities. While our official founding was in 1990, many of our predecessor firms had distinguished histories dating back more than 120 years.

Since then, more than 50 companies have joined us and, in 2007, we became a publicly-traded company on the New York Stock Exchange."
Citibank,4.0,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 43 more",211 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Citi's mission is to serve as a trusted partner to our clients by responsibly providing financial services that enable growth and economic progress. Our core activities are safeguarding assets, lending money, making payments and accessing the capital markets on behalf of our clients. We have 200 years of experience helping our clients meet the world's toughest challenges and embrace its greatest opportunities. We are Citi, the global bank – an institution connecting millions of people across hundreds of countries and cities."
Aragen Life Scie...,4.3,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 12 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aragen Life Sciences is a leading R&D and manufacturing solutions provider for the life sciences industries worldwide.  Aragen offers end-to-end integrated or standalone solutions to advance small and large molecule programs from concept to commercialization.  Established in 2001, the Company operates through a global network of six sites with a team of 3800+ employees and 450+ PhDs.  Its expertise and experience have enabled over 450 customers (including 7 of the top 10 pharma companies globally) in advancing their research programs from early discovery through development and commercialization.  Aragen’s innovative mindset, infrastructure, flexible business models, a clear purpose, and proprietary project management platform have enabled it to effectively scale and service large pharma, biotech, agrochemical, and animal health industries globally."
Tata Elxsi,4.1,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 13 more",34 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Tata Elxsi is truly your Home to a billion possibilities. We believe in opportunities for everyone - to be bold, curious and seek to shape the future. Explore what is possible, discover what you love to do and find accelerated paths for growth. At Tata Elxsi YOU MATTER!"
Akums Drugs & Ph...,4.0,(1.4k Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 25 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Akums is India’s single largest Contract Research and Manufacturing (CRAMS) organization responsible for manufacturing approximately 11-12 % of all drugs consumed in the country. The organization offers a comprehensive range of services starting from formulation development to market launch all en suite.

 Contract Research & Manufacturing Services (CRAMS),
 Formulation & development of Novel Drugs Delivery Systems (N.D.D.S.),
 Loan License,
 New Formulations with DCGI Approvals,
 Institutional business
 Technology Transfer,
 Technical collaboration and Joint venture,

Akums has emerged as an integrated solution provider for companies seeking specific development and business goals. Along with its core service offering, the company offers advanced solutions for formulation development and testing. Akums total revenue stood at more than INR 21 Billion in the financial year 2016-17, growing at a rate of more than 20% over the past year."
HERE Technologie...,4.0,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Eindhoven,North Brabant + 10 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"As a company of over 8000 employees all focused on the concept of location and the potential it has to radically improve the way we do business, the way we get around and the way we live, we are shaping the future by redefining what was formerly known as a map.

In 1985, we began with the simple goal to digitize mapping and pioneer in-car navigation systems. Over the next three decades, as NAVTEQ and Nokia, we’ve built a legacy in mapping technology.

Today, we're creating living three-dimensional maps that grow upwards, breathing with layers of information and insights. And we're looking beyond.

From autonomous driving, to the Internet of Things, we are building the future of location technology through strategic partnerships. Together we’re building open solutions for the future."
Laurus Labs,4.2,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 9 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Laurus Labs is an innovation-driven¸ people-centric & client-focused organization offering a broad and integrated portfolio of products & services to the global pharmaceutical industry.

As a leading research-driven pharmaceutical company, Laurus Labs aims to improve the quality of life for millions around the world We develop innovative medicines that greatly improve health outcomes for patients with an unremitting focus on quality and affordability. We work with all the top 10 generic pharmaceutical companies in the world. We sell our APIs in 56 countries. Our major focus areas include anti-retroviral, Hepatitis C, and Oncology drugs.

Continuous innovation is the lifeblood of our business. Therefore, we undertake dedicated R&D in areas that have significant growth potential. We filed 282 patents of which we own 141 patents. We have commercialized 60+ products since inception across three distinct business units: Generics API, Generics FDF, and Synthesis.

As a company, we conduct our business with utmost transparency and integrity. This helps us attract the best talent and win the trust of our stakeholders. Given that we operate in a highly regulated sector, we adopt a high-watermark approach to compliance to ensure that we exceed the requirements of all applicable international standards."
Star Health & Al...,3.9,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 200 more",17 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Star Health & Allied Insurance Co Ltd commenced operations in 2006 as India's first standalone health insurance provider, the company has been providing services in health, personal accident and overseas travel insurance."
Honeywell Automa...,4.0,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Morris Plains,New Jersey + 51 more",117 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Honeywell is a Fortune 100 company that invents and manufactures technologies to address tough challenges linked to global macrotrends such as safety, security, and energy. With approximately 110,000 employees worldwide, including more than 19,000 engineers and scientists, we have an unrelenting focus on quality, delivery, value, and technology in everything we make and do."
Jindal Stainless,4.2,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 36 more",53 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Jindal Stainless Limited is one of the largest manufacturers of stainless steel in India with a capacity of 1.1 million tons per annum. A leader and a name synonymous with Enterprise, Excellence and Success, the company’s ethos mirrors most characteristics similar to the metal it produces; Akin to stainless steel Jindal Stainless Limited is innovative and versatile in its thought process; strong and unrelenting in its operations.

The state-of-the-art unit of Jindal Stainless is located in the eastern part of India in the state of Odisha. The plant comprises of 250,000 tons per annum of Ferro Alloy’s facilities with world class technology and equipments sourced from , SMS Siemag and Andritz Sundwig. The complex, equipped with captive power generation facility, is eventually scalable up to 3.2 million tons per annum of stainless steel making."
Taj Hotels Resor...,4.2,(1.1k Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 64 more",120 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"Established in 1903, Taj is The Indian Hotels Company Limited’s (IHCL) iconic brand for the world’s most discerning travellers seeking authentic experiences in luxury and has been rated as India’s Strongest Brand as per Brand Finance India 100 2020 report. From world-renowned landmarks to modern business hotels, idyllic beach resorts to authentic Grand Palaces, each Taj hotel offers an unrivalled fusion of warm Indian hospitality, world-class service and modern luxury. The unique portfolio comprises hotels across the globe including presence in India, North America, United Kingdom, Africa, Middle East, Malaysia, Sri Lanka, Maldives, Bhutan and Nepal."
SGS,4.0,(1k Reviews),Private,"Geneva,Geneva + 84 more",145 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SGS is the world’s leading inspection, verification, testing and certification company. SGS is recognized as the global benchmark for quality and integrity. With more than 94,000 employees, SGS operates a network of over 2,600 offices and laboratories around the world. We are constantly looking beyond customers’ and society’s expectations in order to deliver market leading services wherever they are needed. As the leader in providing specialized business solutions that improve quality, safety and productivity and reduce risk, we help customers navigate an increasingly regulated world. Our independent services add significant value to our customers’ operations and ensure business sustainability"
DIVI'S Laborator...,3.7,(1k Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 15 more",33 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Divi’s Laboratories Limited is one of the largest API companies in the world, with ~$730M in revenue and exporting to more than 95 countries."
Kotak Securities,3.8,(1k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 101 more",29 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Kotak Securities was founded in 1994 as a subsidiary of Kotak Mahindra Bank and is proud to be the nation’s best broker today.

Our numbers speak for ourselves:
-Rs 153 crore of Assets Under Management (AUM) as on 31st March 2017
-13.59 Lakh customer accounts
-Over 5 Lakh trades per day
-1281 branches, franchisees and satellite offices
-377 cities across India
-We are corporate members with the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange. We are also a depository participant with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services Limited (CDSL)."
Procter & Gamble,4.2,(1.6k Reviews),Public,"Cincinnati,Ohio + 184 more",186 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"P&G was founded over 180 years ago as a soap and candle company. Today, we’re the world’s largest consumer goods company and home to iconic, trusted brands, including Always®, Charmin®, Braun®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Oral B®, Pantene®, Pampers®, Tide®, and Vicks®. The design, development, growth and success of these products—and many more—is thanks to the innovative and insightful minds of our people. From Day 1, you’ll help make everyday life easier for our 5 billion consumers through billion dollar brands. With our large global footprint, there are many opportunities to work with P&G in multiple locations. We offer opportunities in approximately 70 countries and continually aim to attract, reward and advance the finest people in the world. As a ""build from within""​ organization, we see 95% of our people start at an entry level and progress through the organization. Here, we want you to get your career off to a fast start. That's why we don't have any rotational development programs or gradual ramping-up periods: you’ll be able—and encouraged—to dive right in from day 1."
Amazon Transport...,4.3,(1k Reviews),Private,"Seattle,Washington + 116 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Amazon teams in India work on complex business challenges to innovate and create efficient solutions that enable various Amazon businesses -both in India as well as globally - including Amazon websites across the world and also support Payments, Transportation, and Digital products and services like the Kindle family of tablets, e-readers and the store."
Reckitt Benckise...,4.1,(1k Reviews),Private,"Slough,Slough + 92 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"RB is more than a company. It’s a growing community of 40,000+ diverse, talented entrepreneurs – all driven to make the world a happier, healthier place. Drawing on each other’s skills and working together, we help make people feel better. Through research and development, we make better products that empower everyone to take their health into their own hands and homes.

We have made it our responsibility and purpose to help people live healthier lives. But health today is more than an absence of illness – being healthy also means being fit and happy. This means we need to consistently strive to be a better business.

Socially, environmentally and financially, we act responsibly in all our markets. Our shared values tie every one of us together and unite us with a real sense of pride, so we deliver better products and sustainable results while making a positive social and environmental impact."
Citicorp,3.8,(1k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 21 more",26 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Citicorp Finance (India) Limited (CFIL) is Citigroup's flagship non-banking finance entity providing Commercial Vehicle Loans, Construction Equipment Loans, Loan Against Securities and Trade Advances."
Xoriant,4.3,(1k Reviews),Private,"Sunnyvale,California + 16 more",33 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"From its inception, Xoriant has been a technology leader and execution partner throughout the Build, Run, and Transform lifecycle for companies that create technology products, as well as for enterprises that use those products to implement business solutions. 

Our customers range from startups to Fortune 100 and encompass BFSI, High Tech, Healthcare, Pharma, Industrial Manufacturing, Telecommunications, and Automotive sectors.

Over three decades, Xoriant and its engineers have employed a rigorous and disciplined approach, resulting in two significant improvements for accelerated product delivery: We have abstracted and captured the most successful methodologies, framework components, accelerators, and technologies for solving important client challenges. 

Next, in support of these innovations, we have codified and standardized the engineering methodologies, implementation best practices, measurement methods, and early warning mechanisms, while leaving room for continuous enhancements. This is the “X·FACTOR” – the secret sauce of Xoriant – that ensures robustness, extensibility, and continuity for all the technology we deliver."
Allsec Technolog...,4.0,(1k Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 17 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Allsec is a global company with vast expertise in providing business process solutions across various industry verticals. Our solutions are testimony to the fact that we are a highly customer-centric, flexible and transparent service provider. Allsec believes in enhancing our client’s business experience by taking process responsibility, improving cost efficiencies, and adding value through continuous process improvements and quality assurances."
Bank of Baroda,3.7,(1.5k Reviews),Private,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujrat + 191 more",115 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Bank of Baroda is an Indian state-owned International banking and financial services company headquartered in Vadodara (earlier known as Baroda) in Gujarat, India. It is the second largest bank in India, next to State Bank Of India. Its headquarters is in Vadodara, it has a corporate office in the Mumbai.

It has been a long and eventful journey of almost a century across 21 countries. Starting in 1908 from a small building in Baroda to its new hi-rise and hi-tech Baroda Corporate Centre in Mumbai, is a saga of vision, enterprise, financial prudence and corporate governance."
Uflex,3.8,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 29 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Over the last three decades, UFlex has earned an irreproachable reputation defining the contours of the ‘Packaging Industry’ in India and overseas. Since its inception in 1985, it has turned into an over 1.7 billion dollar turnover company with a 10000+ workforce focusing on trust, value creation for customers, quality innovation, and customer satisfaction. 

UFlex has grown from strength to strength with large manufacturing capacities of packaging films and packaging products providing end-to-end solutions to clients across 150 countries spanning USA, Canada, South America, UK, Europe, CIS countries, South Africa, and other African countries, Middle East and the South Asian countries. It enjoys a formidable market presence and is today India’s largest flexible packaging materials and Solutions Company and a leading global polymer sciences corporation.

UFlex serves as a one-stop-shop flexible packaging solution provider serving varied sectors spanning FMCG, Consumer Product Goods, Pharmaceuticals, Building Materials, Automobile,s and much more. The company offers technologically superior packaging for a wide variety of products such as snack foods, candy and confectionery, sugar, rice & other cereals, beverages, tea & coffee, dessert mixes, noodles, wheat flour, soaps and detergents, shampoos & conditioners, vegetable oil, spices, marinates & pastes, cheese & dairy products, frozen food, seafood, meat, anti-fog, pet food, pharmaceuticals, contraceptives, garden fertilizers and plant nutrients, motor oil and lubricants, automotive and engineering components, etc. 
Since the COVID-19 pandemic, it has also been manufacturing consumer-facing products like N-95 masks and sanitizers.

UFlex has over thirty years of experience in polymer technology. Setting milestones of success and innovation, the company is known for manufacturing and supplying products, delivering customized flexible packaging solutions and services across the globe to become an inextricable part of customers’ life."
Reliance General...,3.8,(1k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 146 more",23 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Reliance General Insurance is one of India’s leading private general insurance companies with over 94 customized insurance products catering to the corporate, SME and individual customers. The Company has launched innovative products like India’s first Over-The-Counter health & home insurance policies. Reliance General Insurance has an extended network of over 200 offices spread across 173 cities in 22 states, a wide distribution channel network, 24x7 customer service assistance and a full fledged website."
Fincare Small Fi...,4.0,(1k Reviews),Bangalore + 251 more,16 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"Fincare Small Finance Bank commenced banking operations on 21st July, 2017, after receiving the final license from the RBI  under Section 22 of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. Fincare Small Finance Bank enables financial inclusion of the underbanked base of pyramid, mass retail and micro & small enterprise segments. With 500 + banking outlets and 5000+ employees, it serves the banking needs of consumers across 13 states - Andhra Pradesh,Chattisgarh, Delhi, Gujarat, Haryana, Karnataka, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Telangana,  Uttar Pradesh and the Union Territory of Puducherry.

Fincare Business Services Limited, the holding company of Fincare Small Finance Bank, is backed by marquee investors like True North, TA Associates, Tata Opportunities Fund, Leapfrog Investments, SIDBI, Kotak Mahindra Life, Edelweiss Tokio Life among others."
Intellect Design...,4.1,(1k Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 23 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Intellect Design Arena creates financial technologies that help banks lead businesses on the path to growth and success. Our solutions help move the banking world forward; because that’s what happens when the world knows it has financial institutions it can rely on. This is the philosophy that we, at Intellect follow, and is our commitment to our customer's success.
Our commitment is to take banking into the future, anticipating and solving the needs of tomorrow’s businesses. We know this because of the long-term matters. But there’s more to us and to our story."
Cavinkare,4.1,(1k Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 123 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The CavinKare story dates back to 1983, where we first set out as Chik India Private Limited. Our humble beginnings saw us enter the market with one product, Chik Shampoo. It was marketed in what was unheard of at the time, in sachets. Today, Chik Shampoo has earned Iconic brand status. Cavinkare’s brand deck now has 13 brands in the FMCG category and two salon chains.
CavinKare is run with the vision and mentorship of our founder and chairman, Mr.C.K.Ranganathan, who fulfilled his father’s dream of making essential products available to people of all economic backgrounds. He successfully marketed products in sachets, which ultimately helped us tap into the fortune at the bottom of the pyramid. This woke the world up to the innovations at CavinKare. The need for innovation is one of our core beliefs and is put into practice with every endeavour, be it research and development, manufacturing or marketing. CavinKare is here for posterity!"
Unacademy,3.5,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 41 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Unacademy is India’s largest, online learning platform. It allows educators to create courses on various subjects. Our vision is to get the best minds of the country to share knowledge in an easily comprehensible form. In terms of traction, our platform attracts more than two million video views monthly and the growth is mostly organic. You can find out more about our journey in this YourStory article:
https://yourstory.com/2016/08/unacademy-funding-blume-ventures/.

• In a span of 6 months, over 300,000 students have benefited from over 2,400 online lessons and specialized courses on cracking various competitive examinations, on our platform.
• With over 2 million views every month, we are touching the lives of people in the remotest corners of the country.

Check us out:
https://blog.unacademy.com/
https://medium.com/@unacademyHQ

Our Channels on Youtube:
https://www.youtube.com/user/unacademy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHEe_mO3BXSlU3xpK52Zr4g

Follow us:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/unacademy
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/unacademy/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/unacademy"
Microland,3.7,(1k Reviews),Public,Bangalore + 37 more,34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Microland’s delivery of digital is all about making technology do more and intrude less. As we help enterprises move to nextGen technologies, we make sure this embrace of brilliance is predictable, reliable and stable.

Incorporated in 1989 and headquartered in Bengaluru, India, Microland comprises more than 4,500 digital specialists across offices and delivery centers in Asia, Australia, Europe, Middle East and North America."
Philips,4.1,(1.7k Reviews),Private,Amsterdam + 74 more,93 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Philips India Limited is a subsidiary of Royal Philips of the Netherlands, a leading health technology company focused on improving people’s health and enabling better outcomes across the health continuum from healthy living and prevention, to diagnosis, treatment and home care. Philips leverages advanced technology and deep clinical and consumer insights to deliver integrated solutions. The company is a leader in diagnostic imaging, image-guided therapy, patient monitoring and health informatics, as well as in consumer health and home care."
Aon,4.0,(1k Reviews),Private,London + 15 more,83 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Aon plc (NYSE:AON) is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance."
Motilal Oswal Fi...,3.6,(1k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 101 more",36 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Motilal Oswal Financial Services Ltd. (MOFSL) was founded in1987 as a small sub-broking unit, with just 2 people running the show. Focus on customer-first attitude, ethical and transparent business practices, respect for professionalism, research-based value investing and implementation of cutting-edge technology have enabled us to blossom into an over 5000 member team.
Today we are a well-diversified financial services firm offering a range of financial products and services such as Private Wealth Management, Retail Broking and Distribution, Institutional Broking, Asset Management, Investment Banking, Private Equity, Commodity Broking, Currency Broking, and Home Finance.
We have a diversified client base that includes retail customers (including High Net worth Individuals), mutual funds, foreign institutional investors, financial institutions and corporate clients. We are headquartered in Mumbai and as of December 2018, had a network spread over 450cities and towns comprising 2400+ Business Locations operated by our Business Partners and us and 10,00,000+ customers.
Research is the solid foundation on which MOFSL advice is based. Almost 10% of revenue is invested in equity research and we hire and train the best resources to become our advisors. At present we have 25 research analysts researching over 263 companies across 21 sectors. From a fundamental, technical and derivatives research perspective, Motilal Oswal`​ s research reports have received wide coverage in the media.
Our consistent efforts towards quality equity research have reflected in an increase in the ratings and rankings across various categories in the Asia Money Brokers Poll over the years. We have also been awarded the Best Performing Equity Broker (National) at the CNBC TV18 Financial Advisor Awards for six years in a row."
Safexpress,4.2,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 119 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Safexpress has firmly entrenched itself as the ‘Knowledge Leader’ and ‘Market Leader’ of the Supply Chain & Logistics industry. Safexpress offers a complete spectrum of Supply Chain & Logistics Services including Express Distribution, 3PL and Consulting Services to Enterprise Customers. Safexpress provides services to a vast array of business verticals ranging from Apparel & Lifestyle, Healthcare, Hi-Tech, Publishing to Automotive, Engineering & Electrical Hardware, FMCG & Consumer Electronics, Institutional and Alliance Partner Management.


Safexpress has been significantly involved in the Indian economic growth saga for the whole of last decade. With its Largest Fleet of 9500+ GPS-enabled vehicles and Largest Network of 31188 pincodes across the country, Safexpress covers every square-inch of India. The company operates on 2330 routes and deliver 134+ million packages a year to over 5000 corporates across India. 


Safexpress offers Third Party Logistics solutions ranging from designing, implementing to operating the complete Supply Chain. These solutions allow organizations to focus on their core competencies by reducing costs and streamlining delivery schedules. Our 3PL Services are supported by a total Warehousing space of over 18 million+ square feet across the country. We intend to create an additional 3 million square feet of Warehousing space at key industrial hubs in the next couple of years."
Quest Global,3.7,(1k Reviews),Private,Singapore + 20 more,26 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"For nearly 25 years, QuEST Global has been a trusted global product engineering services partner to many of the world’s most recognized companies in the Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Energy, Hi-Tech, Healthcare and Medical Devices, Rail and Semiconductor industries. With a presence in 13 countries, 54 global delivery centers and 11,500+ personnel, QuEST Global is at the forefront of the convergence of the mechanical, electronics, software and digital engineering innovations to engineer solutions for a safer, cleaner and sustainable world. QuEST Global’s deep domain knowledge and digital expertise help its clients accelerate product development and innovation cycles, create alternate revenue streams, enhance consumer experience and make manufacturing processes and operations more efficient."
Harman Connected...,3.9,(1k Reviews),Private,"Mountain View,California + 10 more",22 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Harman Connected Services, often abbreviated to HCS, an American subsidiary of Samsung Electronics through Harman International Industries. The Connected Services Division supplies software services to the mobile communications industry."
KONE,4.3,(1k Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 58 more",113 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We are a global leader in the elevator and escalator industry, and our job is to make the world’s cities better places to live. KONE provides elevators, escalators and automatic building doors, as well as solutions for maintenance and modernization, which add value to the life cycle of any building.

Through more effective People Flow®, we make people’s journeys safe, convenient and reliable, in taller, smarter buildings. We move 1 billion people everyday by embracing in innovative technologies and agile ways of working. Our solutions make urban life safe and accessible, connecting us with our loved ones. Together with our partners and customers around the world, we help cities to become better places to live in. A clear vision, purpose and transparency drives our passion to go the extra mile.

KONE has annual net sales of over EUR 9 billion and over 60,000 employees world-wide. KONE class B shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. in Finland.

Explore our Global Job Opportunities: https://bit.ly/3pTXVao 
Explore our India Job Opportunities: https://www.kone.in/about-us/careers/"
ZS,3.7,(1k Reviews),Private,"Evanston,Illinois + 4 more",40 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"An experience with ZS means you’ll be encouraged to bring fresh thinking and co-create with industry-leading clients from day one. Here you’ll work side-by-side with a powerful collective of thinkers and experts shaping solutions from start to finish. At ZS, we believe that making an impact demands a different approach; and that’s why here your ideas elevate actions, and here you’ll have the freedom to pursue cutting-edge work and define your own path. Work side-by-side with like-minded people who rise in care of humanity’s greatest challenges to define what’s next. Join us and find a path where your passion can change lives."
CMA CGM,4.1,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Marseille,Marseille + 23 more",45 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Led by Rodolphe Saadé, the CMA CGM Group is a world leader in shipping and logistics. Its 511 vessels serve more than 420 ports on five continents around the world and carried nearly 21 million TEUs (twenty-foot equivalent units) in 2018. With CEVA, a world leader in logistics services, CMA CGM handled more than 500,000 tons of airfreight and 1.9 million tons of overland freight in 2018. CMA CGM is enjoying sustained growth and is constantly innovating to offer customers new maritime, overland and logistics solutions. Present on every continent and in 160 countries through its network of 755 offices and 750 warehouses, the Group employs 110,000 people worldwide, of which 2,400 in Marseille – France, where its head office is located."
DBS Bank,3.9,(1k Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 110 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"DBS, a leading financial services group headquartered in Singapore, operates across 18 markets. We are a bank born and bred in Asia, with a growing presence in Southeast Asia, Greater China and South Asia. A frontrunner in digital transformation, we seek to deliver a new kind of banking that is so simple, seamless and invisible, that customers have more time to spend on the people or things they care about. We invite you to be part of the journey to Live more, Bank less."
Mother Dairy Fru...,4.2,(1k Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 93 more",49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Mother Dairy, we believe that everyone has a unique potential. We constantly inspire our employees to discover, hone and perfect their true potential. Be it doing challenging work or building domain expertise, we as an organization strive to provide an environment which fosters an enriched learning experience. Nothing motivates us more than seeing our employees break new ground and be better than what they were yesterday"
Adecco Group,3.8,(1k Reviews),Private,"Zurich,Zurich + 102 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Perfect placements. Speedy staffing. Tenacious testing. Who’s Adecco, we hear you ask? Only the top provider of first-class HR solutions. Our consultants work with some of the best, and most exciting, companies all over the world. We equip our clients with priceless industry insight and put everything we’ve got into training and mentoring our candidates. 

We’re here to match talented people with the job opportunities and employers they’re looking for. On any given day we connect over 700,000 people with fulfilling opportunities that make the most of their skills now and enable them to develop new expertise for the future."
YASH Technologie...,3.9,(1k Reviews),Private,"East Moline,Illinois + 12 more",27 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"YASH Technologies is a leading systems integrator and outsourcing partner that focuses on empowering its customers to drive enterprise-wide business transformation at scale. With a presence across six continents, a talented team of consulting professionals, and a comprehensive NextGen service portfolio, YASH is large enough to transform and small enough to care, earning it the trust of 75+ Fortune 500 corporations globally. 

As a high-performing enterprise, YASH looks forward to engaging with talent that has the technical expertise, solution orientation, unrelenting passion, and willingness to do MORE in everything. Its foundational principles, the 5 pillars of Customer Centricity, Employee Focus, Innovation, Agility and Trust, is ingrained in a YASHians DNA and imbibed in everything they do, keeping them inspired and motivated to engage with customers and serve society. This highly engaged work culture has won YASH a title of “Great Place To Work”, 7 years in a row.""
YASH not only invests in building capabilities within specific technologies of our partners, but also prepares our professionals through training and certification to ensure the highest quality of resources are available for client engagements. Over the years, YASH has developed alliances with SAP, IBM, Oracle, Microsoft, CISCO, CITRIX, Tableau, Actuate, Salesforce, CA and grown them to reach Gold, Platinum or Premier partnership levels to establish centers of excellence (COEs) by using respective technologies. Being a partner of choice and reaching highest levels of partnership with these companies, allows YASH access to the latest software, training and proficiency which eventually translates as tangible business value to our customers."""
Innovsource Serv...,4.0,(1k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 148 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 2004, Innovsource is one of the leading manpower provider delivering end to end Sales & Marketing solutions.

Innovsource has over the years mastered the manpower business, focusing on every aspect ranging from requirement mapping, sourcing, training & skilling, assessment, selection, on-boarding, payrolling and statutory compliances.

We have provided employment to more than 70000 associates and deployed in more than 1000 locations across India.

We stand out for our exceptional customer service and technological advantage.

Our services extend to end-to-end HR needs of your organization."
FedEx Express,4.3,(1.2k Reviews),Private,Moon Township + 85 more,52 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"FedEx connects people and possibilities through our worldwide portfolio of shipping, transportation, e-commerce and business services. We offer integrated business applications through our collaboratively managed operating companies — collectively delivering extraordinary service to our customers — using the expertise and reliability represented by the FedEx brand. 

Our people are the foundation of our success, and FedEx has consistently ranked among the world’s most admired and trusted employers. We inspire our global workforce of more than 400,000 employees to remain absolutely, positively focused on safety, the highest ethical and professional standards, and the needs of their customers and communities.

We owe our success as an industry leader to the more than 400,000 global team members who deliver exceptional customer service experiences day-in and day-out. Want to be part of this dynamic team?  Check out our open positions located on the Careers Site on fedex.com:  http://careers.van.fedex.com/"
Angel One,4.0,(1k Reviews),Mumbai + 105 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Novartis,4.1,(1.3k Reviews),Hyderabad/Secunderabad + 54 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Dell EMC,4.2,(1k Reviews),Private,Hopkinton + 47 more,44 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Dell EMC is a part of the Dell Technologies family of brands.  Dell Technologies is a unique family of businesses that provides the essential infrastructure for organizations to build their digital future, transform IT and protect their most important asset: information. The company services customers of all sizes across 180 countries – ranging from 98 percent of the Fortune 500 to individual consumers – with the industry's most comprehensive and innovative portfolio from the edge to the core to the cloud."
NCR Corporation,4.1,(1k Reviews),Private,"Atlanta,Georgia + 60 more",139 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"At NCR, we know digital has completely changed how brands compete. To differentiate and win more business, having a digital-first mindset is key—even for physical locations—it’s the way to meet consumers in every moment and transform transactions into meaningful interactions.

Shaping the future for 135 years, NCR is the world’s enterprise technology leader for restaurants, retailers, and banks. The #1 global POS software provider for retail and hospitality, and the #1 provider of multi-vendor ATM software, we create software, hardware, and services that run the enterprise from the back office to the front end and everything in between for our clients. 

Digital-first but not digital only, we’re positioned to help our clients bridge their digital and physical operations—helping them connect with consumers anytime, anywhere and streamline their business so they can differentiate, compete and win in our evolving digital world."
Biological E,4.3,(1k Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 32 more",70 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established during the Swadeshi Movement of India, Biological E. Limited (BE) started during a time when the nation sought access to critical healthcare products. Founded and led by Dr. DVK Raju, Biological E. Limited commenced its operations in 1953 as a biological products company manufacturing liver extracts and anti-coagulants.

With an objective of transitioning from treating diseases to preventing them, Biological E. Limited launched its Biotechnology Division (now Vaccines and Biologics Division) and commenced large-scale production of DPT vaccines as early as 1962.

Biological E. Limited continues to evolve as an organisation and currently has four strategic business units: Branded Formulations, Speciality Generic Injectables, Synthetic Biology and Vaccines and Biologics."
Aditya Birla Cap...,4.0,(2.2k Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 158 more,16 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Aditya Birla Capital Limited (ABCL) is the holding company for the financial services businesses of the Aditya Birla Group.

ABCL’s subsidiaries have a strong presence across Protecting, Investing and Financing solutions, ABCL is a universal financial solutions group catering to diverse needs of its customers across their life stages.  Powered by more than 20,000 employees, the subsidiaries of ABCL have a nationwide reach with 850+ branches and more than 2,00,000 agents / channel partners and several bank partners.

As of December 31st, 2019, Aditya Birla Capital Limited manages aggregate assets under management over Rs. 3000 billion and has a consolidated lending book of Rs. 601 billion, through its subsidiaries and joint ventures.

Aditya Birla Capital Limited is a part of the Aditya Birla Group, a US$ 48.3 billion Indian multinational, in the league of Fortune 500. Anchored by an extraordinary force of over 120,000 employees, belonging to 42 nationalities, the Aditya Birla Group operates in 36 countries across the globe."
Exl India,3.7,(999 Reviews),New Delhi + 19 more,66 years old,11-50 Employees (India),N/A,"EXL India (A Division of Jaipur Golden Transport Co Pvt. Ltd) draws strength from its highly experienced professionals associates from Express Cargo Industry, Transportation Industry & Supply Chain-Procurement Services Industry, and boasts of its wide and diverse experience of 62 years in the Transport and Express Cargo – Distribution & Delivery Management services.

EXL India is India’s premier Transport and Express Cargo Service. We specialize in the next day delivery to 72/96 hours of time critical shipments, utilizing uniformed field staff.

We are committed to provide our customers with a quality, reliable and cost efficient delivery service to enhance the productivity, delivery management and business needs. We offer customized logistic solutions to corporations, small businesses and express cargo industry in India.

EXL India is one of the leading organizations involved in Logistic Services. We have complete resources to manage every aspect of global logistic requirements of our valuable clients that includes logistics, transportation & freight forwarding services, warehousing services, distribution and last mile fulfilment, Trading Services, and a vast array of different value added services.

With over 70 operational warehouses and 250 branches across India, we are strengthened to provide the best of transportation and logistics services anywhere in India.

We are dedicated towards delighting our clients by providing them an unparalleled, unequalled, unmatched experience of logistics. Strong goodwill among the valuable client is our strength.

EXL has redefined Air/ Train connectivity in India and now set to reform logistic network."
Samsung India El...,4.1,(999 Reviews),Noida + 140 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Max Fashion,4.3,(998 Reviews),Private,Abu Dhabi + 113 more,9 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Launched in the UAE in May 2004, Max was established in India in 2006, opening its first store in Indore. Now, Max India has a reach that extends to over 60 cities. Boasting a loyal customer base of over 5.5 million, Max is the most profitable value fashion format in the region.
Max offers apparel, footwear and accessories for the entire family - women, men and children. Customers can expect a world-class shopping environment stocking the latest in international fashion from around the globe, as well as Max's own label of in-house designs in carefully chosen colour palettes. Shoppers enjoy great prices on an excellent range of over 3,000 styles every season, in brand new designs, silhouettes and fabrics."
USHA Internation...,4.2,(1k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 97 more",89 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Siddharth Shriram group was founded by the legendary Lala Shriram in 1889. The group’s businesses extended to textiles, chemicals, sugar, automobiles, engines, nylon tyre cord, automotive components, edible oil, heavy chemicals (fertilizers), engineering foundries, sewing machines, fans and home appliances. In 1989, the group underwent a major transformation, following the segregation of business interests across the new generation - the descendants of Lala Shriram. The group’s proud heritage and achievement over the years have earned it the trust and respect of its consumers both in India and abroad. Usha International Ltd (the Company), a constituent of the Siddharth Shriram group, was formed in 1934 and started doing business under the brand name, USHA. Over the decades, this brand name has become a household name in India while the Company has diversified into the business of new age home appliances, sewing machines, fans, power products, water cooler, water dispensers, modern farm equipments and auto components."
Crisil,3.9,(1k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 44 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CRISIL is a leading agile and innovative, global analytics company driven by its mission of making markets function better.

We are India’s foremost provider of ratings, data, research, analytics and solutions. A strong track record of growth, culture of innovation and global footprint sets us apart. We have delivered independent opinions, actionable insights,and efficient solutions to over 1,00,000 customers. Our businesses operate from India, the US, the UK, Argentina, Poland, China, Hong Kong and Singapore.

We are majority owned by S&P Global Inc., a leading provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks,analytics and data to the capital and commodity markets worldwide."
Dainik Bhaskar G...,4.1,(997 Reviews),Public,"Bhopal,Madhya Pradesh + 109 more",65 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Dainik Bhaskar Group is Urban India's #1 newspaper group and has 5 newspapers with 65 editions. The group has a readership of 2.05 crores (Source: AIR | IRS 19 Q2, U+R). The group has a strong presence in the radio business. 94.3 MY FM, the radio brand of the group is the largest radio network in India, with presence in 30 cities across 7 states. The digital arm of the group, DB Digital has nine portals and four apps in Hindi, Gujarati, English and Marathi."
USV,4.0,(996 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 71 more",62 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a 58 year old leading healthcare company which began as a joint venture with USV&P Inc. USA, a subsidiary of Revlon. Our product offering today includes Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), Fixed Dosages Formulations (FDF), Peptides, Biosimilars and Injectables. These are manufactured in our cGMP compliant plants located in India.

We market our products globally to 65 countries. In the financial year 2019-20, our total income was Rs 33,080 million. Our Indian business contributed 85% to the revenue and the rest was from export of APIs and Finished Dosages.

In India we are recognised for our leadership in the Oral Anti-Diabetic market where we rank No. 1 by Rx and Value. In the Cardiovascular diseases segment we are No. 1 by Rx and rank no. 4 by Value. We also have a significant presence in the areas of Vitamins, Minerals, Nutrients, Dermatology, Gastroenterology and Gynecology.

Our international business consists of:

A large portfolio of small molecule APIs. Of the 52 products in our portfolio, 27 APIs are commercially available, while others are in various stages of development. Our special skills include production and characterization of polymorphs and particle sizing.

A portfolio of Finished Dosages. These include immediate release, modified release and products with 'complex' characteristics which are promoted through ANDA filings and Dossiers linked to supply.

Our spend of 4% of sales on R&D ensures that we are able to deliver on our research portfolio. We have over 100,000 sq. ft. of laboratory space with excellent infrastructure. Our research is driven by a team of 345 scientists including 2 doctors, 26 PhDs and 263 post-graduates, many of whom have studied in universities in USA, Europe and Japan. Our intellectual property portfolio consists of patent filings for 25 inventions of which 20 have been granted."
PhonePe,4.2,(1k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 149 more",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"PhonePe Private Limited or PhonePe is an Indian e-commerce payment system and digital wallet company headquartered in Bangalore, India. It was founded in December 2015,[3] by Sameer Nigam and Rahul Chari. PhonePe app went live in August 2016 and was the first payment app built on Unified Payments Interface (UPI). The PhonePe app is available in over 11 Indian languages.Using PhonePe, users can send and receive money, DTH, recharge mobile, data cards, make utility payments, buy gold and shop online and offline. In addition PhonePe also allows users to book Ola rides, pay for Redbus tickets, order food on Freshmenu, eaf, fit and avail Goibibo Flight and Hotel services through microapps on its platform."
Honeywell Techno...,3.9,(995 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 16 more",29 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Honeywell Technology Solutions Lab Pvt. Ltd. engages as an off-shore development center and provides Product Solutions & Analytics, New Product Introduction, Advanced Research and Technology and IT & Business Process Solutions. Incorporated in 1994, Honeywell Technology Solutions Lab Pvt. Ltd. is based in Bangalore."
ITC Hotels,4.0,(1k Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 63 more",48 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"With the enduring ITC Hotels is one of India’s leading luxury hotel chains. It operates under four distinct brands with more than 100 hotels in over 70 destinations in the country. Integrating India’s fine tradition of hospitality with globally benchmarked services, the luxury hotels reflect the culture and ethos of each destination.

With ‘Responsible Luxury’ as its guiding premise, ITC’s Luxury Collection hotels combine grandeur with intimacy to operate according to the highest principles of environmental stewardship. The brand features opulent accommodations, state-of-the-art business facilities, renowned signature cuisine and award-winning wellness experiences."
BT Global Servic...,4.2,(992 Reviews),Private,London + 7 more,23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We serve global multinational organisations around the world with our security, cloud and networking services.

We can help your organisation to move to the cloud; turn collaboration into part of your culture; improve your contact centres; transform your customer service and simplify your network. All with security built-in, not bolted on."
Johnson & Johnso...,4.2,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"New Brunswick,New Jersey + 117 more",66 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Caring for the world, one person at a time inspires and unites the people of Johnson & Johnson. We embrace innovation—bringing ideas, products, and services to life to advance the health and well-being of people around the world. We believe in collaboration, and that has led to breakthrough after breakthrough, from medical miracles that have changed lives, to the simple consumer products that make every day a little better. Our over 125,000 employees in 60 countries are united in a common mission: to help people everywhere live longer, healthier, happier lives."
Verizon,4.3,(1k Reviews),Private,"New York City,New York + 7 more",23 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"With over 150 locations, Verizon is a global leader delivering innovative communications and technology solutions that improve the way our customers live, work, learn and play.  

Founded in 2000, the company operates America’s most reliable wireless network and the nation’s premier all-fiber network, and delivers integrated solutions to businesses worldwide. With brands like Yahoo, TechCrunch and HuffPost, the company’s media group helps consumers stay informed and entertained, communicate and transact, while creating new ways for advertisers and partners to connect."
Hero FinCorp,4.2,(987 Reviews),Private,Delhi + 244 more,32 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Finance Made Easy. Three simple words, that drive India's next generation ultra-lean credit champion – Hero FinCorp. Incorporated in December 1991 as Hero Honda FinLease Limited; the restructuring of our parent company Hero MotoCorp Limited, led to our present form as Hero FinCorp Limited.

Today, we're present at close to 2000 retail financing touch-points across Hero MotoCorp's network, and have partnered with over 2000 satisfied corporate clients. Going forward, we plan to continuously expand our offerings and geographic presence, whilst offering class leading financial services to all sections of our society."
Aforeserve,3.6,(986 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 128 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aforeserve is an integrated services management and support company offering comprehensive and standardized standardized life cycle services for the full spectrum of Information, Communication and Technology (ICT) products including notebooks, desktops, network and servers, computer peripherals, surge protection and power conditioning units and mobility devices – Tablets and Phones, as well as for a range of non IT automated systems such as digital cinema projectors, self-services kiosks, POS(point of sale) terminals, ATMs and satellite communication systems.

Established in the year 2000, Aforeserve operates primarily as an after sales services and support partner for Original Equipment and Design Manufacturers (OEMs & ODMs) and system integrators, providing functional and technological repair and maintenance services for their products. From installation, field and warranty support to on going help desk, carry-in repair and reverse logistics, Aforeserve delivers ISO 9001 standard, ‘end to end’ services solutions, designed to fulfill and enhance services level commitments, enabling partners to better serve their customers in an efficient and cost effective manner."
DHL Express,4.2,(2.2k Reviews),Private,Bonn + 74 more,44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"DHL Express picks up goods and packages right at your door and takes them to wherever you request. The company provides door-to-door delivery services to more than 220 countries and territories worldwide through some 4,500 facilities. It maintains a fleet of about 350 aircraft and more than 62,000 vehicles. DHL Express offers international same-day deliveries and allows business and private customers to track shipments online. Other services include after-hours pickup and delivery, customs-clearance assistance, dangerous-goods handling, insurance, and packaging. DHL Express is one of four businesses of express delivery and logistics giant DHL, which itself is a unit of Deutsche Post."
Inox Leisure,4.2,(978 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 80 more",24 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"INOX, India’s most loved movie-watching destination, is all about crafting exceptional experiences for all audiences around the ethos of ‘Luxury’, ‘Service’ and ‘Technology’ Back in 1999, it was created to bring to India, an all-new and refreshing movie-watching experience. Born out of a deep and pure love for cinema, continues to redefine the cinema-going journey, with its tantalizing F&B offerings, engaging architectural designs, seamless comfort, and technology, always ahead of the curve. As a mission, we at INOX work towards creating a more and more incredible cinematic experience for as diverse an audience as India offers! From Kolkata to Zirakpur, and from Chennai to Jodhpur, today, Indians love to live their movies at INOX. Whether it’s a play date with The Lion King at delightful fun zone for tiny tots, Kiddles, a day with the gang and The Avengers on INOX IMAX, a big anniversary with a grand, romantic spectacle in the luxurious environs of INSIGNIA, or even plans to chant World Cup battle cries at #INOXIndiaKaStadium; today, Indians celebrate the joys of life with INOX. India’s tryst with the most advanced cinema exhibition technologies too happens at INOX, as the country got its first theatre with MX4D Theatre Effects and first-ever 270-degree Multi-Projection Technology at INOX. All this magic happens on a national scale across 144 multiplexes spread all over 68 cities, with the backdrop of untiring innovation and excellence in everything, from the gourmet menu on offer, to the most advanced cinematic technologies at work. It is the desire to offer a cinematic delight, INOX has become the fastest-growing multiplex chain in India, with a record 85 new screens added in just the last financial year!"
Hindustan Constr...,4.2,(978 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 64 more",97 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hindustan Construction Company Limited (HCC) is one of India's leading Engineering, Procurement, Construction, and Project Management Companies. It is headquartered in Mumbai. HCC was founded by Industrialist Seth Walchand Hirachand in 1926 and has executed large and complex infrastructure projects of national importance, spearheading the country's progress ever since.

HCC has executed several landmark infrastructure projects in India, including 26% of India's Hydro Power generation and 60% of India's Nuclear Power generation capacities, over 4,036 lane km of Expressways and Highways, more than 365 km of complex Tunnelling and 395 Bridges. Today, HCC serves the infrastructure sectors of Transportation, Power and Water. 

HCC has a long-standing commitment to creating responsible infrastructure. Sustainability is an integral part of our approach to business and work practices. Our vision is to be the industry leader and a market-driven engineering construction company renowned for excellence, quality, performance and reliability in all types of construction.

HCC is the first construction company in India to implement ISO systems for Quality, Occupational Health & Safety and Environment Management across its all projects and has robust Corporate Governance norms. The Company has invested in the early adaption of advanced engineering equipment, new innovative technologies, and strategic international associations. 

The HCC Group, with a group turnover of Rs 9,437 crore, comprises HCC Ltd., HCC Infrastructure Co. Ltd., and Steiner AG in Switzerland."
V-Guard Industri...,4.5,(1k Reviews),Public,"Kochi/Cochin,Kerala + 105 more",46 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At V-Guard, we are building products of tomorrow, inspired by the consumer experiences of today. Products that are designed keeping the consumer at the forefront. Thus, by bringing innovation in our products, we are not just delivering household utilities, but meaningful experiences, that promise to bring home a better tomorrow.

The origin of V-Guard dates back to 1977, when Mr. Kochouseph Chittilappilly, with a burning passion to make a difference, set out to build a robust brand in the Indian electrical and electronic goods market. With a small manufacturing unit for voltage stabilizers, a vision and a strong make-do belief, apart from a capital of INR 100,000 that he borrowed from his father and two workers to assist him, he set to sail on his dream.

Within a short span of time, V-Guard grew rapidly to become a name synonymous with voltage stabilizers across South India. The company soon expanded its range of products to include Digital UPS, Inverter and Inverter Batteries, Electric Water Heaters, Solar Water Heaters, Domestic Pumps, Agricultural Pumps, Industrial Motors, Domestic Switch Gears, Distribution Boards, Wiring Cables, Industrial Cables, Induction Cooktops, Mixer Grinders, Fans, Gas Stoves, Rice Cookers, Modular Switches & Air Coolers.

In less than four decades, V-Guard earned a reputation for solidity and reliability for designing and manufacturing products that are built to last!

For us, being rooted in solidity is only the beginning, something we can be proud of but a glory we cannot bask in. Because there is so much more to achieve in a world in which the meaning of a better quality of life is being redefined every day, fuelling greater expectations from the tools that enable a better quality of life.

V-Guard has embarked on a series of transformational exercises across customer service, supply chain management functions, ushering in a paradigm shift in sales & marketing and quality-first processes across the organization, to serve customers better and enhance their delight. V-Guard's new vision will continue to drive more technologically sound products for the next decade and beyond, enabling a seamlessly connected world.

V-Guard is armed with vast network of distributors, direct dealers, retailers and service centres in its endeavour to reach every nook and corner of the country.

As the world evolves technologically, it is our endeavour to stay relevant with changing trends. Therefore, V-Guard will continue to focus on smart home solutions, while setting new industry benchmarks, in innovation, design and performance."
NoBroker,3.6,(1.4k Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 27 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NoBroker is a disruptive real-estate platform that makes it possible to buy/sell/rent a house without paying any brokerage. NoBroker was started because all of us believed that paying hefty brokerage can not be the only option to find a new home. As tenants, we have been paying these brokerages year on year without seeing any advantage of the broker. The only reason he existed was that there was a huge information asymmetry in the market. 

NoBroker is a platform that removes this information asymmetry and provides a marketplace for free exchange of this information that used to cost 1-2 months of rent as brokerage. We have done 2 things to help you find that perfect home:Firstly, we have painstakingly verified each listing and made sure that these are direct owners or shared accommodation parties and there are no middlemen or brokers. We use lot of heuristics and techniques to ensure that you get a totally broker free list.Secondly, we have also tried to ensure that maximum information is available to you in as easy to use format. This ensures that you get a very good idea of the property even before you visit it. Thus, you can shortlist flats sitting at the comfort of your home without actually traveling all the good and bad properties. This saves your time and effort and with a quick shortlist of 4-5 properties you can actually get a house in few hours!

If you are a landlord interested in posting your apartments to NoBroker, please email us at hello@nobroker.in and we will get in touch to help you list the property.
And tenants, happy hunting and get in touch with us to let us know how else we can help!"
Barclays Shared ...,4.2,(972 Reviews),Private,London + 8 more,16 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Barclays Shared Services (BSS) provides operations support and services to businesses across Barclays.  Its main purpose is to:  Be a centre of excellence for seamless, scalable and sustainable operations Deliver in a controlled environment by maintaining governance and ensuring compliance to policies Provide re-engineering and process design capability. BSS' delivery centres are located in India (Noida, Chennai and Mumbai) and South Africa (Johannesburg and Pretoria). BSS India started operations in 2007. Since then, it has grown significantly and now employs over 9,000 people. BSS South Africa was launched in 2012 and currently has more than 4,000 employees."
Aircel,4.4,(970 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 113 more",24 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Aircel is India’s fifth largest and fastest growing GSM mobile service provider with a subscriber base of 65.1 million. Aircel is a pan India operator with a presence across 23 circles. The company offers voice & data services ranging from postpaid and prepaid plans, 2G and 3G services, Broadband Wireless Access (BWA), Long Term Evolution (LTE) to Value-Added-Services (VAS). In addition to providing premium internet access solutions to facilitate data intensive live streaming applications, the company has also paved the way to be amongst the first to offer 3G and 4G LTE services to customers.
Aircel successfully bid for 3G licenses/ spectrum in 13 states, (Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Kolkata, Kerala, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh (East), West Bengal, Jammu & Kashmir, Bihar, Orissa, Assam and North East), with BWA licenses/ spectrum also obtained in 8 of these states. Aircel’s 3G rollout has been the fastest roll out ever in the Indian Telecom Space. Aircel Is optimistic about the data bundling in its key markets. Tamil Nadu, being the strongest circle with spectrum in 900MHz, 3G and BWA and in incumbent circles where the company is strong in voice, will now start adding data bundles."
Motherson Automo...,3.9,(3.7k Reviews),Private,Noida + 43 more,26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Motherson Automotive Technologies & Engineering (MATE) is the polymer division of Motherson Sumi Systems Ltd (MSSL) and was established in 1997. The company is one of the largest suppliers of moulded parts, assemblies & module supplier to the Indian automotive industry. MATE manufactures a wide range of plastic components and fully equipped facilities to support customers in  the automotive and the non-automotive segments.

MATE specialises in large size injection moulding, blow moulding, compression moulding and vacuum forming, which are supported by post moulding operations."
SRL Diagnostics,4.2,(967 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 109 more,28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SRL is the largest Diagnostics Company in India having an impressive 'Reach', providing superior quality diagnostics services to its customers through a very efficient network of labs and collection points. The vision to create SRL diagnostics was driven by the philosophy to provide high quality accurate tests/ outcomes at affordable prices to the masses. SRL is known for high ethical standards synonymous with 'TRUST' and each and every constituent of 'Team SRL' follows immaculate value system."
Sony,4.3,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 112 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sony India is one of the most recognized consumer electronics brand in the country, with a reputation for new age technology, digital concepts and excellent after sales service. In India, Sony has its footprint across all major towns and cities in the country through a distribution network comprising of over 20,000 dealers and distributors, more than 300 exclusive Sony outlets and 25 branch locations. Sony India also has a strong service presence across the country with 365 service outlets. Manned by customer friendly and informed sales persons, Sony’s exclusive stores ‘Sony Center’ are fast becoming the most visible face of the company in India. A distinctive feature of Sony’s service is its highly motivated and well-trained staff that provides the kind of attentive and sensitive service that is rare today.Sony is committed to ensuring that both the products and the marketing activities employed truly make a difference to people’s lifestyles and offer them new dimensions of enjoyment. Relentless commitment to quality, continuous dedication to customer satisfaction and unparalleled standards of service is what differentiates us from countless competitors and reflects a true image of all that is Sony."
Medi Assist Indi...,3.7,(959 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 42 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Medi Assist aims to deliver informed healthcare decisions to a billion lives connected by our technology, partnerships and human touch."
Medanta the Medi...,4.2,(959 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 26 more,14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A vision that first came to Dr. Naresh Trehan, while practising surgery at the NYU Medical Center in the USA. For every 1000 Indian patients he treated there, another 1000 couldn’t even afford to fly down. That’s when he realised that India needed to have an advance multispecialty medical institution of its own. An institution which not only treats, but trains and innovates too, while providing international standards of technology, infrastructure, clinical care, and a fusion of traditional Indian and modern medicine.
All at one-tenth the cost.

That’s how Medanta was born in 2009"
Kent RO Systems,3.7,(959 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 115 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Unanimously acknowledged as the leader in the RO Water Purifier category, KENT Pioneered in bringing the revolutionary Reverse Osmosis (RO) technology to India. Equipped with the vision for a healthier world and the technological expertise to come up with innovative solutions, the brand started its operations from Noida, India, in 1999, and has now become the largest manufacturer of water purifiers, in India.

It has been a remarkable journey, strewn with milestones. While the brand has brought forth the patented technology of the RO+UV+UF+TDS Controller that purifies water while retaining the natural minerals, which are essential for a healthy life, our innovative use of UV light in the storage tank helps to retain the purity of pure water. Our endeavour to maintain the ecological equilibrium has made us come up with the Save Water Technology to ensure that no water is wasted while using our RO water purifier. Technological advancements from the house of KENT have been recognised globally and we are proud to say that KENT is the only water purifier company to be certified by some of the most prestigious certifying agencies of India and abroad like NSF & WQA of USA.

With millions of satisfied customers, this home-grown brand that was started off by Mr. Mahesh Gupta, an IIT Kanpur alumnus, is the most trusted one in the category, across the globe. The largest manufacturer of RO Water Purifiers, KENT has diversified its product portfolio, over the years. KENT now offers a wide range of healthcare products – HEPA Air Purifiers, Vegetable Cleaners, Water Softeners and the Smart Chef range of kitchen appliances. The name has become synonymous with offering purity. The brand has come to be known for its innovative use of next-gen technology towards enhancing quality of everyday living."
HDFC Securities,3.6,(958 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 144 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"HDFC securities has been serving a diverse customer base of retail and institutional investors, since 2000.

Headquartered in Mumbai, it offers an exhaustive product suite to help its customers invest in Equities, IPO/OFS, Buybacks, Mutual Funds, ETFs, Futures & Options for - Equity, Currency and Commodities, Fixed Deposits, Bonds, NCDs and National Pension Scheme, along with value added services like Online Will writing and Tax filing. The company offers a host of digital platforms like Mobile Trading App, Desktop based online trading facility, ProTerminal- an advanced trading platform and Arya- a voice enabled investing assistant. It also offers Call N Trade facility and dedicated Relationship Managers to assist customers.
 
Since its inception, the company has established itself as a preferred trading platform (for NSE & BSE), with its integrated 3-in-1 account (Trading + Demat + Savings) backed by state-of-the-art technology. Over the years, the company has won many awards and recognitions. It is been contributing in various CSR activities pertaining to education, water, sanitation, financial awareness and medical assistance. Currently, the company has 250+ branches across 190 cities, serving over 2.1 million customers."
TCE,3.8,(965 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 72 more",61 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tata Consulting Engineers is a best-in-class integrated engineering consultancy solutions provider. We are distinct and distinguished in the engineering consultancy services domain.

Our expertise of over five decades, presence in almost all key industry segments, capabilities to handle multi-dimensional, large scale assignments and long-term relationships built across the globe, makes us distinguished. Our specialised, in-house talent pool and the ability to provide holistic solutions under-one-roof makes us distinctive."
Orange Business ...,4.3,(952 Reviews),Private,Paris + 36 more,17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We help our customers across the globe transform their industries, reimagine their services, create a positive impact, and unleash the power of their data into an amazing and trusted resource that gives our customers a positive business impact. With them, we are designing the new awesome."
Mercedes-Benz Re...,4.0,(994 Reviews),Public,"Bengaluru/Bangalore,Karnataka + 47 more",27 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Mercedes-Benz Research and Development India (MBRDI) is the largest research and development center for Mercedes-Benz Group AG outside of Germany. Started in 1996, the Bengaluru-headquartered organization plays a prominent role in the development of new technologies like connected, autonomous, shared, and electric in the mobility world. MBRDI, known for its engineering innovations, has grown to a team of over 6,000 employees and is one of the earliest technology and innovation center of a global automotive company to set up a strong presence in India. 

In line with the global ambitions of the Mercedes-Benz Group, MBRDI plays a prominent role in innovating and accelerating the future of sustainable mobility. Over the last 25 years of its presence in India, MBRDI has established itself as an innovation powerhouse. 

The engineers at MBRDI are committed to providing an unparalleled experience and comprehensive digital capabilities, with technology at the core. MBRDI harnesses the role of IT in accelerating the future of automotive technology in terms of engineering, digitalization, testing and simulation, and data science.

MBRDI offices in Bengaluru specialize in end-to-end capabilities in product development and IT services. The satellite office in Pune focuses on interior component designs and IT engineering."
Hindustan Petrol...,4.3,(945 Reviews),Government,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 163 more",49 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited is an Indian oil and natural gas company with its headquarters at Mumbai, Maharashtra. It has about 25% market-share in India among public-sector companies and a strong marketing infrastructure"
FactSet,4.0,(944 Reviews),Private,"Norwalk,Connecticut + 6 more",45 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"FactSet creates flexible, open data and software solutions for tens of thousands of investment professionals around the world, providing instant access to financial data and analytics that investors use to make crucial decisions. 

For 40 years, through market changes and technological progress, our focus has always been to provide exceptional client service. From more than 60 offices in 24 countries, we’re all working together toward the goal of creating value for our clients, and we’re proud that 95% of asset managers who use FactSet continue to use FactSet, year after year."
Torrent Power,3.9,(959 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 29 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Torrent Power is one of the leading brands in the Indian power sector, promoted by the Rs. 21000 Crore Torrent Group – committed to its mission of transforming life by serving two of the most critical needs - healthcare and power. It is an integrated power utility and is one of the largest private sector players in India having interests in power generation, transmission, distribution and manufacturing and supply of power cables.
Torrent Power foresaw the prospects in the power sector much before the liberalization, when it took-over and successfully turned around an ailing power cable company Mahendra Electricals, renaming it as ‘Torrent Cables Ltd.’ (now merged with Torrent Power Limited w.e.f. 1st April, 2014). The high points of Torrent’s foray into power however were the acquisitions of two of the India’s oldest utilities – The Surat Electricity Company Ltd and The Ahmedabad Electricity Company Ltd. Torrent turned them into first rate power utilities, in terms of operational efficiencies and reliability of power supply.

Torrent ranks amongst the best run power utilities in the country with highly efficient generation assets. It has a portfolio of coal based, gas based and renewable power plants with an aggregate generation capacity of 4553.8 MW. It has under-construction wind power plants aggregating to 851.3 MW. The gas based plants of the Company possess greater environmental value with state of the art technology and in-built efficiency enhancing design features."
ISGEC,3.9,(943 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 51 more",90 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Isgec Heavy Engineering is a diversified heavy engineering company headquartered in India. Evolving and adapting itself to the growing needs of the international market, the company has become a name to reckon with. What started off with an offering of Sugar Machinery and Boilers has, over the years, diversified and now has an enviable portfolio of business verticals. Today, these are categorized under the two broad segments of ‘Manufacturing’ and ‘EPC’.

Our Manufacturing segment covers Process Equipment, Mechanical & Hydraulic Presses, Steel & Iron Castings, Boiler Panels & Piping, as well as Contract Manufacturing of Industrial products. Our EPC Projects segment undertakes turnkey projects for setting up Industrial & Utility Boilers, Sugar Plants & Distilleries, Power Plants, Air Pollution Control Equipment, Industrial Wastewater Treatment projects, Bulk Material Handling projects, as well as Civil Construction, including Factories.

What drives the people at Isgec is the desire to use our proven engineering skills and vast cumulative experience of over 90 years, to achieve excellence in the products and projects that we execute. We believe it is this striving that will help our customers achieve excellence in what they do and pave the way for a future that is sustainable, successful, and secure.

The company's exceptional engineering prowess has created a lasting impression across multiple geographies covering 91 countries. It has and continues to address the demands of a wide range of industries that include - power, defense, fertilizer, sugar, oil & gas, petrochemicals, automobile, steel, cement, chemicals, railways, space, and ports.

Isgec is ranked 298 in the ET500 listing, and 294 in the Fortune500 listing.

Keeping abreast of the latest and most relevant technologies across our portfolio, Isgec has strategic technology partnerships as well as a number of joint venture partnerships with leading firms from across the globe."
Marriott Interna...,4.2,(3.1k Reviews),Private,"Bethesda,Maryland + 62 more",96 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Marriott International, Inc. is based in Bethesda, Maryland, USA, and encompasses a portfolio of more than 7,300 properties in 30 leading hotel brands spanning 134 countries and territories. 

Its heritage can be traced to a root beer stand opened in Washington, D.C., in 1927 by J. Willard and Alice S. Marriott."
Sitel,3.9,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Miami,Florida + 8 more",38 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Foundever™ is a global leader in the customer experience (CX) industry. With 170,000 associates across the globe, we’re the team behind the best experiences for +750 of the world’s leading and digital-first brands. Our innovative CX solutions, technology, and expertise are designed to support the operational needs of our clients and deliver a seamless experience to customers in the moments that matter.  

Go further with Foundever™
Are you ready to move your career forward? At Foundever™, you will find our call center jobs surprising. We believe in memorable associate experiences. Here, you can improve your quality of life and grow your career.

Mission:
At Foundever™, we make things simple. 
Put simply, our mission is to be the solutions and the team behind the best experiences for the world’s leading brands. Wherever and whenever needed. 

Vision:
Create Your Best Moments"
First American C...,4.0,(1.4k Reviews),Private,"Santa Ana,California + 10 more",134 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"First American provides financial services through its Title Insurance and Services segment and its Specialty Insurance segment. The First American Family of Companies’ core business lines include title insurance and closing/settlement services; title plant management services; title and other real property records and images; valuation products and services; home warranty products; property and casualty insurance; and banking, trust, and investment advisory services.

First American serves homebuyers and sellers, real estate professionals, loan originators and servicers, commercial property professionals, homebuilders and others involved in residential and commercial property transactions with products and services specific to their needs.

With experience dating back to 1889, First American offers its services through direct operations and a network of qualified agents across the United States as well as internationally."
iOPEX Technologi...,4.1,(968 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 11 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"iOPEX is a new-generation Digital services provider offering optimized Digital Engineering, Operations, and Studio services. We are process innovators focused on extracting the best out of the investments you have already made. At iOPEX, we help you realize that golden ratio where your technology and business are in complete synergy, making your company greater than the sum of its parts. Founded in 2009, the demand for our specialized optimization services has helped us grow 60% YoY.

We don't believe in a ""one size fits all"" policy and have seen the difference that a tailor-made offering can bring to businesses. Exactly why we love building custom solutions for all our clients. We take pride in challenging ourselves and extending boundaries to create new products and novel solutions for traditional and new-age businesses. Our suite of tools is high on performance but low on costs, and puts your existing infrastructure to judicious use. Our customer-centricity, ability to take on challenges and financial risks and go-getter DNA brings to you a partner who is easy to work with, and who delivers beyond promises. No wonder we boast of a marquee list of Fortune 500 clients, and many more, each being 100% reference-able."
Belrise Industri...,3.9,(940 Reviews),Private,"Aurangabad,Maharashtra + 34 more",27 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We are an established and accomplished company, ONE OF THE TOP RANKING Suppliers of Automotive Components and Aggregates.
We manufacture Sheet Metal,Tubular, Fabricated, Plastic Moulded Components and Aggregates. We have various Machineries and other facilities including SPMs, Robotics and multiple Surface Treatments. In retrospect, we started as a small enterprise, manufacturing small sheet metal parts.  But with relentless hard-work, responsible risk-taking, the ever-eagerness to grab opportunities and with our Core values of ‘ Excellence, Now ’ , we have grown into an enviable position in industry.
Today, we have our Plants and Facilities all over India – Aurangabad, Waluj, Ranjangaon, Chakan, Pirangut (Pune) and Vithalapur (Ahmedabad) in Western India, Dharwad, Bangalore & Chennai in Southern India, Pantnagar and Bhiwadi in Northern India and Indore in Central India."
Tesco,4.1,(1k Reviews),Private,Hertfordshire + 16 more,104 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We go miles to bring smiles to our customers and colleagues every day by being part of their journey every step of the way. We ensure that every single customer from our family of millions globally, gets his or her shopping list fulfilled in a deeply personalized and timely way – from brands of his or her choice, trends and past purchase history, new product offers and insights, round-the-clock product availability, a glitch- and hassle-free experience from check-in to check-out be it online or in-store, to on-time delivery. We follow up with an after-sales confirmation and request feedback on the customer experience.
Similarly, we equip our colleagues with the best innovations in technology products and processes backed by data-driven insights. This helps them enhance their efficiencies to serve our customers a little better every day.
These unique and seamless experiences are firmly backed by our market leadership in supply chain and fulfillment, integrated systems for a streamlined workflow, and best-of-breed technology teams who constantly innovate to build value through pioneering top-notch products for our customers and colleagues every day.
Just as technology is at the core of what we do, our integrated teams at Farringdon, Welwyn Garden City and Bengaluru are at the heart of innovations at scale, leveraging technology while being agile to adapt to a dynamic technology environment."
Panasonic,4.1,(2.1k Reviews),Private,"Kadoma,Osaka + 104 more",105 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Panasonic Corporation is a worldwide leader in the development of diverse electronics technologies and solutions for customers in the consumer electronics, housing, automotive, and B2B businesses. The company, which celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2018, has expanded globally and now operates 582 subsidiaries and 87 associated companies worldwide, recorded consolidated net sales of 8.003 trillion yen for the year ended March 31, 2019. Committed to pursuing new value through innovation across divisional lines, the company uses its technologies to create a better life and a better world for its customers."
DHL Supply Chain,4.2,(938 Reviews),Private,Bonn + 60 more,54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"DHL Supply Chain, part of the EUR 56.6bn DPDHL Group, is the world’s leading contract logistics provider. Combining value-added and management services with traditional fulfilment and distribution, our customized, integrated logistics solutions drive efficiency, improve quality and create competitive advantage.

DHL Supply Chain offers specialist, proven expertise within the Automotive, Consumer, Chemicals, Energy, Engineering & Manufacturing, Life Sciences & Healthcare, Retail and Technology sectors. As today’s global markets grow, our innovative logistics solutions are ready to help."
NTPC,4.1,(1.6k Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 89 more",48 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"NTPC is India’s largest power utility with an installed capacity of 62,110 MW (including JVs), plans to become a 130 GW company by 2032. Established in 1975, NTPC aims to be the world’s largest and best power major.NTPC has comprehensive Rehabilitation & Resettlement and CSR policies well integrated with its core business of setting up power projects and generating electricity. The company is committed to generating reliable power at competitive prices in a sustainable manner by optimising the use of multiple energy sources with innovative eco-friendly technologies thereby NTPC is contributing to the economic development of the nation and upliftment of the society.Vision & Mission SnapshotVision & MissionTO BE THE WORLD’S LEADING POWER COMPANY, ENERGIZING INDIA’S GROWTH.Read MoreBoard of DirectorsNTPC's Board of Directors guides the overall philosophy and direction of the organisationRead MoreBoard of Directors SnapshotDiversified Growth SnapshotDiversified GrowthNTPC's quest for diversification started about a decade back with foray into Hydro Power. It has,since thenView moreHistory SnapshotHistoryNTPC has come a long way from the day when construction of its first pithead super thermal power project at Singrauli in Uttar PradeshView moreNTPC Overview SnapshotNTPC OverviewIndia’s largest power company, NTPC was set up in 1975 to accelerate power development in India."
HCL Technologies...,3.6,(937 Reviews),Private,Noida + 31 more,23 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"HCL Technologies helps global enterprises reimagine their businesses for the digital age. Through innovative technology solutions built around Digital, IoT, Cloud, Automation, Cybersecurity, Analytics, Infrastructure Management and Engineering Services, amongst others, we solve complex business problems for our clients. We are a ‘next-generation’ technology firm, driven by a unique Mode 1-2-3 strategy that not only acts as our roadmap for the future, but also a powerful model for any enterprise looking to thrive in this age of disruption."
Faurecia,4.0,(1k Reviews),Private,Nanterre + 21 more,26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"New trends and expectations are reshaping the automotive industry. Inspired by the exciting new challenges associated with this revolution, Faurecia anticipates the future of mobility developing cutting-edge solutions for cockpit of the future and sustainable mobility. If you’re willing to contribute and create value for tomorrow’s cleaner and smarter mobility, Faurecia is the place to be."
Meesho,3.8,(936 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 68 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Meesho is India’s fastest-growing internet commerce company. We want to make eCommerce accessible to all. Our vision is to enable 100 million small businesses in India, including individual entrepreneurs, to succeed online. Our mission is to democratize internet commerce by bringing a range of products & new customers online. 
What started, six years ago, as a reseller-focused platform enabling millions to sell online, has now emerged as a single ecosystem connecting sellers, to consumers and entrepreneurs."
Straive,3.8,(934 Reviews),Private,Singapore + 15 more,43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Straive is a global leader in content technology solutions. We provide data services, subject matter expertise (SME), and technology solutions to our clients in multiple domains such as Research Content, eLearning/EdTech, and Data/Information providers. We have a client base scoping 30 countries worldwide.

We pride ourselves on being a trusted partner continuously turbo-charging our clients’ business transformation by helping them unleash the power of content and data.

We are focused on being a market leader in providing - eLearning solutions to online K-12 and higher-ed players, specialized solutions to top business information and financial platforms, and content services to research and education publishers.

We deliver value to our clients with an unmatchable combination of technology platforms, subject matter expertise, social responsibility, and untiring pursuit of delivery excellence.

Straive’s multi-geographical resource pool is strategically located in eight countries – Philippines, India, USA, China, Nicaragua, Vietnam, United Kingdom, and the company headquarters in Singapore."
Varroc Group,3.8,(1.6k Reviews),Public,Aurangabad + 22 more,35 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Founded in 1988, Varroc group is a global tier-1 automotive component manufacturer and supplier of exterior lighting systems, plastic and polymer components, electricals-electronics components, and precision metallic components to passenger car, commercial vehicle, two-wheeler, three-wheeler and off highway vehicle (""OHV"") OEMs directly worldwide.With 36 world-class manufacturing facilities and 16 R&D centers in 10 countries, Varroc group is on an exponential growth trajectory clocking a sale of 1.5 billion USD in 2016-17. The company is one of the leading global passenger car lighting suppliers and amongst the top 2-wheeler automotive component supplier in India. Varroc offers best design solutions that give customers a competitive edge in their markets."
WABCO,4.0,(931 Reviews),Public,Berne + 28 more,54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),The founder of the group was Sri.V.S.Thiruvengadaswamy Mudaliar who started with humble beginnings under the VST & Sons banner in the year 1911. The group built its reputation through retailing of petroleum products and distribution of Automobiles in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.
KFC,4.2,(929 Reviews),Private,"Louisville,Kentucky + 124 more",71 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"KFC Corporation, based in Louisville, Kentucky, is one of the few brands in America that can boast about having a rich, 60-year history of success and innovation. In fact, KFC is the world's most popular chicken restaurant chain and a division of Yum! Brands, the world’s largest restaurant company."
Narayana Educati...,3.7,(928 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 100 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Narayana Group is Asia’s largest educational conglomerate with over 300,000 students and 30,000 experienced teaching and non-teaching faculty in over 500 centres. Spread across 13 states, Narayana is the pride of India in hosting a plethora of schools, junior colleges, engineering, medical and management institutions, along with IAS training academy, coaching and correspondence centres. With three and a half decades of experience in catering to the needs and aspirations of students, Narayana has already become a benchmark in academic excellence by continuously delivering top and matchless results in intra-national and international competitive examinations."
L.G.Balakrishnan...,3.8,(926 Reviews),Public,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 30 more",86 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"L.G. Balakrishnan & Bros Limited is a transport company. The Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing chains, sprockets and metal formed parts for automotive applications. The Company's segments include transmission, metal forming and others. The transmission segment includes chains and sprockets."
Nayara Energy,4.3,(924 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 70 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Nayara Energy is an international energy company with a strong presence in the hydrocarbon value chain ranging from refining to production and marketing to retail. Our strong team of 2500+ passionate individuals is driven to perform at every step of the way to deliver tomorrow’s potential today. Nayara Energy has also created a powerful and vast network to deliver quality oil and petroleum products to customers across the country with a strong retail business unit that not only provides for but also empowers the nation.
Swaraj Tractors,4.3,(922 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 108 more",61 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd’s., Farm Equipment Sector (FES), is a part of the US $16.4 billion Mahindra Group. As the market leader in India for the past 30 years, FES has helped bring Farm Tech Prosperity to the Indian farmer with technologically superior affordable solutions. Mahindra has achieved the distinction of being the largest tractor company in the world with tractor sales in more than 40 countries across six continents with more than 1000 dealers world-wide"
24-7 Intouch,3.2,(920 Reviews),Private,"Winnipeg,Manitoba + 6 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We have built a culture around our people. By empowering our team members, we exceed your customers' expectations. A win for you is a win for us.

Our solutions deliver unmatched customer experiences and actionable insights while leveraging our technology and innovation to improve performance and engagement. We do all this while remaining true to the culture and brand identity of our partners.

Our 10 Things are the guiding principles that challenge us to lead with purpose and drive. They inform every team member, of every solution and every goal.

As a company and as individuals, we know our ‘why’ and are driven to achieve it every day. It’s what helps us go above and beyond to guide our clients and each other.

While we have bold growth goals, we’ll never sacrifice the thing that makes us who we are: our soul. It continues to shape our culture and partnerships. We work in a dynamic, ever-changing environment. We work with purpose and seize opportunities to set new industry standards."
Ocwen Financial ...,4.1,(917 Reviews),Private,"West Palm Beach,Florida + 6 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ocwen Financial Corporation (NYSE: OCN) is a financial services holding company providing mortgage servicing and originations solutions through its primary brands, PHH Mortgage and Liberty Home Equity Solutions. PHH Mortgage is one of the largest servicers in the country, focused on delivering a variety of servicing and lending programs. Liberty is one of the nation’s largest reverse mortgage lenders dedicated to education and providing loans that help customers meet their personal and financial needs. Ocwen and its subsidiaries are committed to helping homeowners and delivering exceptional service and value to customers, clients and investors."
SBI General Insu...,4.0,(917 Reviews),JV,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 159 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SBI General Insurance is a joint venture general insurance company. State Bank of India, the largest state-owned banking and financial services company in India. SBI owns 70 per cent of the total capital. Other investors are Axis Bank Asset Management Co. Ltd, Premji Invest & Warburg Pincus Group"
Emami,4.0,(954 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 119 more",49 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Emami Limited is one of the leading and fastest growing personal and healthcare businesses in India, with an enviable portfolio of household brand names such as BoroPlus, Navratna, Fair and Handsome, Zandu Balm, Mentho Plus Balm, Fast Relief and Kesh King.

Established in 1974, The Company has a portfolio of over 300 + products based on ayurvedic formulations. Emami's current operations comprise more than 60+ countries including. SAARC, MENAP, SEA, Africa, Eastern Europe and the CIS countries. Over 130 Emami products are sold every second somewhere around the world. Emami Limited, the flagship company of the Group, recorded a turnover of Rs 2655 crore, in 2019-20.

Emami acquired the heritage brand Zandu in 2008 on the basis of huge business synergy between the two brand portfolios.

Emami also acquired Ayurvedic Hair & Scalp business of ""Kesh King"" as a business strategy in 2015. In January 2019, the company also acquired Creme 21, a German brand with strong roots & brand recall.

In 2020, the Company forayed into the Home Hygiene Category with the launch of its EMASOL Range of Products.

The Company employs around 3200 people, reaches out to 45 lakh plus retails outlets through a network of over 3200 distributors and has invested in 7 plants, 4 regional offices, 1 overseas unit, 7 overseas subsidiaries, 24 distribution centres and 2 Associates across India."
NIIT,3.7,(916 Reviews),Public,Gurgaon/Gurugram + 88 more,42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NIIT is a leading Skills and Talent Development Corporation that is building a manpower pool for global industry requirements. The company, set up in 1981 to help the nascent IT industry overcome its human resource challenges, today ranks among the world's leading training companies owing to its vast and comprehensive array of talent development programs. With a footprint in over 30 countries, NIIT offers training and development solutions to Individuals, Enterprises, and Institutions.

With a strong focus on assuming a leadership role in the Digital Learning World and to further accelerating NIIT's growth and profitability, the company has charted a focused business strategy to address the Digital Transformation needs of individuals and corporate customers by offering training and consulting to help them re-invent themselves & their organizations.

Through NIIT Digital, learners are able to access their learning plans and all associated content and services through an intuitive dashboard on connected Desktops/ Tabs/ Smartphones. They can also attend LIVE Instructor-led classes by some of the best NIIT instructors, view recorded sessions, take quizzes, and interact with their instructors & peers, in addition to a host of other features.
NIIT has two main lines of business across the globe – Corporate Learning Group and Skills & Careers Business.

NIIT's Corporate Learning Group (CLG) offers Managed Training Services (MTS) to market-leading companies in North America, Europe, Asia, and Oceania. The Skills & Careers Business (SNC) delivers a diverse range of learning and talent development programs to millions of individual and corporate learners in areas including Digital Transformation, Banking, Finance & Insurance, Soft Skills, Business Process Excellence, Retail Sales Enablement, Management Education, Multi-Sectoral Vocational Skills, Digital Media Marketing, and new-age IT. NIIT has incubated, StackRoute, as a digital transformation partner for corporates to build multi-skilled full-stack developers at scale.

As the Most Trusted Training Brand in India for the 5th year in a row (Brand Trust Report, 2017), NIIT's learning and talent development solutions, continue to receive widespread recognition globally. NIIT has been named among the Top 20 Training Outsourcing Companies for the past twelve consecutive years by Training Industry, Inc. USA. Further, the leading Indian ICT journal Dataquest has conferred upon NIIT the 'Top Training Company' award successively for the past 20 years, since the inception of this category. NIIT has also been featured as the 'Most Respected Education Company'- in 2016 by the leading financial magazine, Business World."
Chegg,4.4,(913 Reviews),Private,"Santa Clara,California + 50 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"As the leading student-first connected learning platform, Chegg's Student Hub makes higher education more affordable and more accessible, all while improving student outcomes. Chegg is a publicly-held company based in Santa Clara, CA with offices in San Francisco, New York, Portland, India, Israel, Berlin, and Ukraine. Chegg Student Hub Services Includes; Chegg Study, Tutoring, Writing Tools, Math Help, Test Prep, Careers Search, Internship Admissions, and College Admissions."
Toyota Kirloskar...,4.3,(910 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 55 more",26 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"At Toyota, we uphold the philosophy of continuous improvement (Kaizen) because we believe that there is always scope to do better. It is this very philosophy that drives us towards quality, making it a way of life at Toyota.

The tradition at Toyota has always been to provide premium quality cars backed with reliable services to our customers. We ensure that the quality meets the international standards while keeping in mind the local sensitivities.

Our firm belief in putting customers first has constantly enabled us to respond effectively to your needs, whether in terms of quality, service or the driving experience.

Toyota's renowned reputation of Quality Durability and Reliability (QDR) has led our steady growth in the Indian automotive market. We are proud to declare that over 1 million Indians are part of the ever growing Toyota family.

We also strive towards developing a more sustainable future and being pioneers in the Hybrid Technology is our first step towards this movement. Through initiatives focused on education, community development and the environment, we aim to create a company that works in harmony with nature and society"
Satin Creditcare...,4.2,(910 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 194 more",33 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Satin Creditcare Network Limited (SCNL or “Satin”) was conceptualized and founded in 1990 by Mr. H P Singh - a qualified Chartered Accountant with over three decades of experience in retail finance industry. In around 28 years since its inception, Satin today is India’s second largest MFI (as of March 2018) having started its journey with individual micro loans to urban shopkeepers. Today, the Company has an established, scalable and a sustainable business model. On a consolidated basis, Satin had an AUM of Rs. 6025.7 Crores as on June 31, 2018. SCNL offers its clients a variety of loan products under the MFI segment. The company also offers a bouquet of financial products in the Non-MFI segment comprising of loans to MSMEs and business correspondent services & similar services to other financial Institutions through Taraashna Services Limited (TSL) a business correspondent company and a subsidiary of SCNL. In April 2017, SCNL also incorporated a wholly owned housing finance subsidiary for providing loans in the affordable housing segment. This is a logical extension of Satin’s mission to provide financial products that cater to the undeserved segments of the market. As of March 2018, SCNL had 1017 branches and a headcount of 9,368 across 18 states and union territories serving 30 lakhs clients. SCNL has a strong presence throughout Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Punjab, Assam, West Bengal and Odisha and is a dominant player in other states of operations. In April 2017, SCNL also incorporated a wholly owned housing finance subsidiary (Satin Housing Finance Limited or “SHFL”) for providing loans to the affordable housing segment."
Trent,4.2,(1.7k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 95 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1998 and part of the Tata group, Trent is headquartered in Mumbai but has pan-India operations. Trent is one of the leading players in the branded retail industry in India.

The company primarily operates stores across four formats, as below :

Westside offers an exclusive range of its own branded fashion apparel and is the mainstay of the retailing business of the company. The company has already established 143 Westside stores measuring 8,000-34,000 sq. ft. across 82 cities.

Zudio offers irresistible fashion at irresistible prices. The company has established 20 Zudio stores across 12 cities.

Star, is a fresh food and grocery retail chain, operating 26 supermarkets and 10 hypermarkets.

Landmark, a family entertainment concept, operates through five independent stores and retailed through select Westside locations."
Planet Spark,3.7,(909 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 25 more",6 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"PlanetSpark is an online platform where children learn and develop 'new age' skills through live classes. We are backed by FIITJEE, Indian Angel Network, Hyderabad Angels and Lead Angels.The platform leverages powerful technology to provide live online classes to K8 learners on English Communication, Public Speaking, Robotics, Coding, Mental Maths, STEM courses and other 'new age' skills. PlanetSpark is on a journey to make the traditional and unorganized tuitions obsolete through its virtual classroom."
Team Computers,3.8,(906 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 68 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Team Computers is a bridge between business needs and the world of IT solutions. We see ourselves as trusted solutions partner. Identify-Integrate-Support High quality, affordable IT Solutions With Speed, Flexibility and an attitude of Sewa We are obsessed with giving our customers a great experience. Great as differentiated from good. Good is reacting to a customer demand while Great is being proactive. The magic lies in understanding that, Good happens 'to'​ you, while Great happens 'for'​ you. It was founded in 1987 by Ranjan Chopra, an alumnus of IIT-Kanpur. Team has emerged as a leading IT Infrastructure and Information Solution Provider in the last two decades. We are a place where people with ideas and a zeal to implement them, come together. A place where individuals are able to take success and failures in their stride. A platform where people challenge their own limits and extend their horizons. A place to dream, think and create solutions. With a turnover of 1200+ Cr, having 25+ offices across India and 2,500+ members, we have served 1000+ customers over a span of 31+ years. Follow us for the latest in IT: https://twitter.com/_TeamComputers https://www.facebook.com/ConnectwithTeam https://www.youtube.com/user/TeamComputersChannel"
L&T Energy Hydro...,3.9,(905 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 52 more",14 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Larsen & Toubro Limited, commonly known as L&T is an Indian multinational conglomerate company headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. It was founded by two Danish engineers taking refuge in India."
J. Kumar Infrapr...,4.1,(903 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 22 more",43 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We remain true to our Mantra for superlative infrastructure i.e. Dream Big & Work Harder.  Over the years we are earning the respect and admiration of our clients, peers and public and this is what motivates our team time and again. We have dedicated ourselves to creating an infrastructure eco-system, where quality and excellence is not and exception, but a norm."
Security and Int...,4.2,(902 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 136 more",38 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"What began as a team of just two employees in a rented office in 1985 is today, a leading security services company in India and Australia with leadership positions in cash logistics and facility management services.

With an unremitting spirit of innovation and a dynamic and multifaceted portfolio of services that offers people enduring value, the Group has expanded its footprint not just across 29 Indian states including the remotest corners, but also across a widespread network in Australia."
Tata Group,4.1,(51.4k Reviews),Mumbai + 124 more,155 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),N/A,"Founded by Jamsetji Tata in 1868, the Tata group is a global enterprise headquartered in India. The group operates in more than 100 countries across six continents with a mission 'To improve the quality of life of the communities we serve globally, through long-term stakeholder value creation based on Leadership with Trust'

Sixty-six percent of the equity of Tata Sons, the promoter holding company, is held by philanthropic trusts, thereby returning wealth to society. The Tata name has been respected in India for 150 years for its adherence to strong values and business ethics. The companies of the Tata group employ the best and finest, strengthened by a culture of ethics and integrity. Today we stand strong at 702,454 employees."
Iksula,4.1,(898 Reviews),LLP,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 109 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),Iksula is a leading eCommerce solutions provider for brands and retailers globally. Providing a broad and seamless range of technology and operations solutions to make your business stay ahead.
Honda Cars,4.3,(897 Reviews),Greater Noida + 64 more,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Mercer,3.9,(897 Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 11 more",78 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mercer believes in building brighter futures by redefining the world of work, reshaping retirement and investment outcomes, and unlocking real health and well-being. Mercer’s more than 25,000 employees are based in 44 countries and the firm operates in over 130 countries. Mercer is a business of Marsh & McLennan (NYSE: MMC), the world’s leading professional services firm in the areas of risk, strategy and people, with 76,000 colleagues and annual revenue of $17 billion. Through its market-leading businesses including Marsh, Guy Carpenter and Oliver Wyman, Marsh & McLennan helps clients navigate an increasingly dynamic and complex environment"
Jindal Saw,4.0,(896 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 44 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Jindal SAW manufactures SAW Pipes (Submerged Arc Welded Pipes) and spiral pipes for the energy transportation sector; carbon, alloy, and seamless pipes and tubes for industrial applications; and Ductile Iron (DI) pipes & Fittings for water and wastewater transportation.
Jindal SAW pipes are energy-efficient, reduce dependence on fossil fuels, and help conserve natural resources."
ISS Facility Ser...,4.2,(896 Reviews),Private,Copenhagen + 46 more,18 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"The ISS Group was founded in Copenhagen, Denmark in 1901 and has grown to become one of the world's leading Facility Services companies. ISS offers a wide range of professional services. With presence in over 70 countries across Europe, Asia, North America, Latin America and Pacific, and with over 488,000 employees, ISS, today, is the world’s fourth largest private employer serving thousands of both public and private sector customers. Our Global revenues amount to over DKK 79 billion (US $15 billion).At ISS we provide our clients with customized service solutions that fit their unique needs. The only way to ensure we can deliver this solution is by utilizing the skills and talents of our most important resource, our people. We believe that combining training and HR processes that empower employees, our unique self-delivery model and our expertise and best-practices form the best foundation to give our employees a sense of purpose and personal accountability. And that is what we call The Power of the Human Touch. ISS is committed as a signatory and supporter of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) since its inception in 1999."
Trident Group,3.8,(927 Reviews),Public,"Ludhiana,Punjab + 36 more",33 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Trident Group is a global player. Headquartered in Ludhiana, Punjab, Trident is the largest terry towel and wheat straw-based paper manufacturer in the world. With the establishment of state-of-the-art manufacturing processes and systems coupled with appropriate human capital and credentials, Trident has frequently received accolades from its patrons in recognition for delivering high-quality standards and for its customer-centric approach.

The Company operates in two major business segments: Textiles and Paper with its manufacturing facilities located in Punjab and Madhya Pradesh. Trident’s customer base spans more than 75 countries across 6 continents and comprises global retail brands like Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein, JC Penney, IKEA, Target, Wal-Mart, Macy's, Kohl's, Sears, Sam's Club, Burlington, etc."
VLCC,3.9,(893 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 87 more",34 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Founded by Mrs. Vandana Luthra as a beauty and slimming services centre in 1989, VLCC is today widely recognized for its comprehensive portfolio of beauty and wellness products and services and also enjoys a high level of consumer trust. The VLCC Group’s operations currently span 330 locations in over 150 cities and 14 countries across Asia and Africa, including India, UAE, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Bahrain, Qatar, Kuwait, Kenya, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal and Singapore."
Bata,4.0,(891 Reviews),Public,Lausanne + 97 more,92 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bata India is the largest retailer and leading manufacturer of footwear in India and is a part of the Bata Shoe Organization.
 
Incorporated as Bata Shoe Company Private Limited in 1931, the company was set up initially as a small operation in Konnagar (near Calcutta) in 1932. In January 1934, the foundation stone for the first building of Bata’s operation - now called the Bata. In the years that followed, the overall site was doubled in area. This township is popularly known as Batanagar. It was also the first manufacturing facility in the Indian shoe industry to receive the ISO: 9001 certification.
 
The Company went public in 1973 when it changed its name to Bata India Limited. Today, Bata India has established itself as India’s largest footwear retailer. Its retail network of over 1375 stores gives it a reach / coverage that no other footwear company can match. The stores are present in good locations and can be found in all the metros, mini-metros and towns"
Relaxo Footwear,4.1,(890 Reviews),Public,"New Delhi,Delhi + 94 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Since its inception, the company has gone on to become one of the largest producers of footwear in India with an estimated business value of 17 billion last year. A brand synonymous with quality products and affordable prices, Relaxo is adorning millions feet in more than 25 countries around the world."
VVDN Technologie...,3.8,(888 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 21 more,16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"VVDN is a Product Engineering & Manufacturing company focused on designing & manufacturing end-to-end products across several technology vertical markets (5G, Data Center, Vision, Networking, Wi-Fi, IoT, Defense, Cloud & Apps). VVDN’s India HQ is located at Gurgaon, India and its North America HQ’s is located in San Jose, CA, USA. VVDN serves global customers across several regions including US, Canada, Europe, India, Vietnam, Korea, and Japan. VVDN's business model includes Product Engineering Services and ODM Services. VVDN’s Product Engineering Team Strength is 2,500+ and VVDN’s Manufacturing Strength is 3,000+ in staff. VVDN has 9 advanced Product Engineering Centers in India, which are fully equipped to design & test the complete hardware & software required to develop a complete product or solution. VVDN’s Manufacturing facilities are located at Manesar, Gurgaon, India which includes in-house best-in-class SMT Factory, Molding & Tooling Factory, Product Assembly Factory, and Product Certifications labs. VVDN’s Engineering & Manufacturing facilities are fully complied to develop & manufacture Enterprise, Consumer, Industrial, and Automotive-grade produc"
Bharat Financial...,4.2,(885 Reviews),Public,Hyderabad + 235 more,25 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Microfinance is an effective tool that can help reduce poverty and spread economic opportunity by giving poor people access to financial services, such as credit and insurance. BFIL distributes small loans that begin at Rs. 2,000 to Rs. 12,000 (about $44-$260) to poor women so they can start and expand simple businesses and increase their incomes. Their micro-enterprises range from raising cows and goats in order to sell their milk, to opening a village tea stall. BFIL uses the group lending model where poor women guarantee each other’s loans. Borrowers undergo financial literacy training and must pass a test before they are allowed to take out loans. Weekly meetings with borrowers follow a highly disciplined approach. Re-payment rates on our collateral-free loans are more than 99% because of this systematic process. BFIL also offers micro-insurance to the poor as well as financing for other goods and services that can help them combat poverty."
Capgemini Engine...,3.8,(1.3k Reviews),Gurgaon/Gurugram + 11 more,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Alstom Transport...,4.0,(884 Reviews),Private,Saint-Ouen + 33 more,95 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Leading the way to greener and smarter mobility worldwide, Alstom develops and markets integrated systems that provide the sustainable foundations for the future of transportation. Alstom offers a complete range of equipment and services, from high-speed trains, metros, trams and e-buses to integrated systems, customised services, infrastructure, signalling and digital mobility solutions. Alstom recorded sales of €8.1 billion and booked orders of €12.1 billion in the 2018/19 fiscal year. Headquartered in France, Alstom is present in over 60 countries and employs 36,300 people."
ESAF Microfinanc...,3.9,(883 Reviews),Private,"Thrissur/Trichur,Kerala + 184 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ESAF Small Finance Bank (ESAF SFB) the new age social bank continues to redefine the banking experience to all the stakeholders. We primarily focus on expanding the banking horizon to new unbanked/underbanked area, yet we stand as a bank for all with presence in urban, semi urban, rural and rural unbanked areas.

ESAF started it’s journey as an NGO during the year 1992, with a larger vision of sustainable and holistic transformation of the poor and the marginalized. The success of Grameen Bank in Bangladesh reinforced the vision of Shri. K. Paul Thomas the Founder of ESAF. In 1995, he launched Micro Enterprises Development (MED) services and it resulted in the formation of ESAF Microfinance and Investments Pvt. Ltd., in 2008, giving importance of financial component in holistic economic development of the poor and marginalized. ESAF Microfinance and Investments Pvt. Ltd. was one of the pioneers in establishing a formal and structured form of lending through forming mutually trusted groups at the village level that could not only bring financial sustainability but also reinforced the fact that ‘the poor of our country are trustworthy’. In the remote and unbanked/under banked regions of the country, ESAF could cultivate a culture of financial discipline and also improved the workers participation rate as women too joined the workforce or started some income generation activity that could financially support their household. Financial literacy mission started by ESAF could not only bring know-how on how to spend wisely but also secure the future. ESAF has adopted a unique social business strategy, with a triple bottom line approach, emphasizing on People, Planet and Prosperity. The following are some of the highlights:

-For every rupee invested in ESAF, studies by international agencies revealed that the Social Return on Investment stood at Rs. 3.19.

-Some of the other changes brought about by ESAF are women’s access to employment, contribution to household income, access to and control over household resources, participation in household financial decision-making etc.

-ESAF could also gather a carbon offset of 20 million tones in the international market."
Akzo Nobel India,4.2,(888 Reviews),Public,Amsterdam + 109 more,84 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"AkzoNobel India creates everyday essentials to make people’s lives more liveable and inspiring, present in India for over 60 years. As a leading paints and coatings company, we supply essential protection and essential colour to industries and consumers. Backed by a pioneering heritage, our innovative products and sustainable technologies are designed to meet the growing demands of our fast-changing planet, while making life easier. Ranked as a leader in sustainability, we are dedicated to energising cities and communities while creating a protected, colourful world where life is improved by what we do."
Lumax Industries,4.0,(876 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 25 more",78 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Lumax Industries is a publicly listed company under the renowned D.K. Jain Group, founded by the visionary Late Sh. S.C. Jain. From a modest beginning to soaring heights, Lumax Industries is now a market leader in the Indian Automobile Lighting Business. Today Lumax Industries, which started as a trading company in 1945, is a full-capability provider of premium quality automotive lighting solutions for four wheeler,two wheeler and commercial vehicles, catering to automobile manufacturing in Indian & Global markets.Under the leadership of Mr D.K. Jain, the company’s endeavour is to raise the bar for ourselves and consistently develop processes for cost effectiveness & increased efficiency in operations. Staying true to the ‘customer first’ approach, it has a brilliant customer focused management team, working round the clock. With over 60% market share in Indian Automobile Lighting Business and a strong three decade old technical and financial collaboration with Stanley, Japan, a world leader in Vehicle Lighting and illumination products for Automobiles, the company is progressing each day. The company further partnered with SL Corporation, Korea for developing other automotive components. The manufacturing units with advanced technologies are producing automotive lighting products in huge quantities in sync with our customer's requirements & standards, being at par with the world's best plant engineering standards. The state-of-the-art manufacturing plants are spread pan India in 6 states. Three technologically progressive units are located in cities of Gurgaon, Dharuhera and Bawal in Haryana, two in Pune, Maharashtra, two in Uttarakhand - Pantnagar, Haridwar, one in Sanand, Gujarat and one located at Bidadi, Karnataka.The company is listed on Bombay and National Stock Exchanges in India"
Edelweiss,4.0,(982 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 103 more",6 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Edelweiss is one of India's leading diversified financial services conglomerates providing a broad range of products and services. With a client base ranging across corporations, institutions and individuals, it's offerings span multiple asset class. With a reach across domestic and global geographies, our 1,200,000+ strong client base is serviced through a network of over 450 offices, with over 10,000 employees."
Videocon d2h,4.1,(874 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 125 more,14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"d2h, has won the hearts of millions over the years with its quality services that are constantly revolutionizing the entertainment industry. Since the last 4 years, d2h has continuously been India's Fastest Growing DTH brand. It has a gross subscriber base of 19 million.

Enhancing entertainment and TV viewing for our customers has always been a priority for d2h. This made us come up with some of the best technological innovations like India's first 4K Ultra HD Channel, Wireless DTH Headphones, Radio Frequency DTH Remote and a 1000 GB HD DVR, constantly redefining the TV viewing experience.

d2h has prided itself in presenting its subscribers with a robust line-up of 650 channels and services, including 61 Asli HD Channels & services and a host of regional channels. d2h has launched d2h stream Set top Box (Connected Set top box) which converts your existing normal TV into a Smart TV. The Connected set top box allows one to browse content from Facebook, Twitter, Daily Motion, video on demand sites, news sites, weather sites, etc through applications residing on STB. Powered by the MPEG-4 and DVB-S2 technology, d2h transforms your TV into a hub of entertainment and knowledge."
Fortis Healthcar...,4.1,(2.1k Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 46 more",27 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Fortis Healthcare Group is a leading integrated healthcare provider operating across the Asia Pacific region. With more than 20,000 employees and growing, Fortis Helathcare is currently present in Australia, Canada, Hong Kong SAR, India, Mauritius, New Zealand, Singapore, Sri Lanka, UAE, and Vietnam.The hallmark of Fortis Healthcare, distinguishing us from our contemporaries, is the 'patient-centricity'​ that you will discern all over: in hospital design, services, programmes and most significantly in the caring approach of our people."
Fabindia,4.0,(871 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 71 more",65 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Fabindia is India's largest private platform for products that are made from traditional techniques, skills and hand-based processes.Fabindia links over 55,000 craft based rural producers to modern urban markets, thereby creating a base for skilled, sustainable rural employment, and preserving India's traditional handicrafts in the process.Fabindia's products are natural, craft based, contemporary, and affordable."
SBICAP Securitie...,3.7,(869 Reviews),Government,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 151 more",17 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"SBICAP Securities Ltd (SSL) is the broking arm of the State Bank Group and a wholly owned subsidiary of SBI Capital Markets Ltd. SSL commenced operations in the first quarter of financial year of 2006-2007 with a view to providing primary and secondary capital market access to investors both within the Group as also in the wider public domain. SSL seeks to become a leading financial intermediary, having a diversified customer base, broad range product offerings and State-of- the-Art execution and servicing capabilities and believes that financial inclusion can be achieved in Capital markets through affordable institutionalised, professional set ups that bring transparency and reliability to the table. The Company currently has in its fold a wide segment of clients including Banks, Financial Institutions, FIIs, Mutual Funds, Corporates, High Networth Individuals, Non-Resident Indians and Retail domestic investors. Its broking product range covers Institutional and Retail Equity, Derivatives, Depository Participant services, On-Line trading and a wide variety of Third Party Distribution products.SSL is registered with the Securities Exchange Board of India for its various services"
Kyndryl,4.1,(868 Reviews),"New York,New York + 17 more",2 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),N/A,"""Kyn"" comes from ""kin."" It represents the strong bonds we form with customers and with each other. Our people are at the heart of our business. ""-dryl"" is coined from ""tendril,"" evoking new growth and connections. By working together, we are growing.
New growth and connections between people are two of the core principles that make up our identity at Kyndryl. 

These principles are closely linked with our desire to provide oxygen to innovation, energy to change the world over and to further human progress every day. The work we do at Kyndryl reflects these principles.

We are committed to the health and continuous improvement of the vital systems at the heart of the digital economy. With our partners and thousands of customers, we co-create solutions to help enterprises reach their peak digital performance. Our world has never been more alive with opportunities. Together, we can seize them.
Kyndryl was spun-off from IBM IT infrastructure services in 2021. Our global base of customers includes 75 Fortune 100 companies. 

With more than 90,000 skilled professionals operating from over 100 countries, we are committed to the success of our customers, collaborating with them and helping them to realize their ambitions."
UpGrad,3.9,(871 Reviews),Private,"San Francisco,California + 29 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"upGrad is an online higher education platform providing rigorous industry-relevant programs designed and delivered in collaboration with world-class faculty and industry. Merging the latest technology, pedagogy, and services, upGrad is creating an immersive learning experience – anytime and anywhere.

upGrad began in 2015 with the conviction that in an ever-changing industry, professionals need to continuously upskill themselves in order to stay relevant. Since then we have always focused on building a great online learning experience by collaborating with the right universities and industry partners. 

We then steadily built a strong support system around our learners. Starting with our first program in Entrepreneurship, upGrad has created some of India’s largest online programs to help thousands of professionals achieve their career goals in the areas of data technology and management."
Haier Appliances...,4.0,(866 Reviews),Private,Qingdao + 79 more,19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Haier India is a 100 percent subsidiary of Haier Group, which is one of the fastest growing consumer durables companies in the world. Haier is world’s no. 1 brand of Major Appliances* for the 8th consecutive year, as per Euro-monitor International (2016). Haier is also world’s no.1 brand in Refrigeration appliances, Home Laundry appliances, Freezer, Wine Cellars. 
The company initiated its commercial operations in January 2004 and has successfully completed a decade in India. Since inception, Haier has launched a wide range of innovative products in all major categories including Refrigerators, Air Conditioners, Washing Machines, Panels (LEDTV’s), Water Heaters, Commercial Refrigerators, Wine Cellars and Microwave Ovens. 
Haier manufactures innovative products in the country and is best remembered for its Bottom Mount Refrigerators, launched for the first time in India followed by the patented Double Drive technology in Washing Machines, LCDs with motion gaming technology, Washing machines with NZP (Near Zero Pressure) technology, 3 door refrigerators with smart convertible space, Water heaters with music functions and more.
Haier has established a wide dealer network with presence in more than 6500 outlets all over the country, Haier is ranked India’s 19th Most Trusted Brand among 16,000 brands studied by Trust Research Advisory in 2011. In 2013 Haier was awarded the 'Product Differentiation Excellence Award'​ in the Consumer Electronics Market in 2013 by the global consultancy and research firm Frost and Sullivan. 
In 2015, Haier Bottom Mounted Refrigerator has won ‘Product of the Year’ award in the refrigerator category resulting through a multi-step process which initiated with a judging panel conducting extensive review tests of the product, which was followed by a door-to-door research facilitated by Nielsen, the world’s largest research company, with 18,000 consumers in over 24 markets in India."""
Marico,4.1,(6.2k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 123 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Marico Limited is one of India's leading consumer products companies operating in the beauty and wellness space. Empowered with freedom and opportunity, we work to make a difference to the lives of all our stakeholders - members, associates, consumers, investors and the society at large. Currently present in 25 countries across emerging markets of Asia and Africa, Marico has nurtured multiple brands in the categories of hair care, skin care, edible oils, health foods, male grooming, and fabric care. Marico's India business markets household brands such as Parachute, Parachute Advansed, Saffola, Hair & Care, Nihar, Nihar Naturals, Livon, Set Wet, Mediker and Revive among others that add value to the life of 1 in every 3 Indians. The International business offers unique brands such as Parachute, HairCode, Fiancée, Caivil, Hercules, Black Chic, Code 10, Ingwe, X-Men and Thuan Phat that are localized to fulfil the lifestyle needs of our international consumers. Charting an annual turnover of Rs. 61 billion (Financial Year 2015 - 2016) across our portfolio"
Max Bupa Health ...,3.8,(864 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 132 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Max Bupa Health Insurance Company Ltd. (Max Bupa) is a joint venture between Max India Limited and the UK based healthcare services expert, Bupa.
Our vision is real. To become India's most admired Health Insurance Company. And to make this vision a reality, we have brought together our vast and varied experience as the experts in healthcare.
While Bupa has six decades of experience in the healthcare industry and a 29 million customer-base in over 190 countries; the Max India Group brings expertise in both health and insurance related services including hospitals, clinical research and life insurance. The perfect blend of global expertise and local knowledge in both healthcare and insurance makes Max Bupa the perfect choice when it comes to your family's health and wellness.
At Max Bupa, our mission is to help our customers live healthier and more successful lives by providing expertise as healthcare partners. And this, we realize is only possible by constantly raising the bar in the standard of health insurances and by keeping our promises to you, our customer and caring for you, for life. """
Optum Global Sol...,4.1,(864 Reviews),Hyderabad/Secunderabad + 9 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Paisabazaar.com,3.8,(860 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 8 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We make personal finance easy, convenient & transparent. Using data and technology innovations, we help customers choose the best & most-suited financial products. Since 2014, we have earned the trust and goodwill of over 22 million consumers. We continue to work hard to help you make the best financial decisions and provide the best experience on our platform.

Paisabazaar was co-founded in 2014, to make personal finance decisions easy, transparent and convenient for India. Through technology and data innovations, along with a lot of hard work, we intend to make complex decisions simple for you. A philosophy that has helped us become India’s No. 1 personal finance platform & the only independent digital organization to disburse over ₹12,000 crore of loans on an annualized basis.

We at Paisabazaar.com, are as proud of our culture and values as we are of our growth. We believe in an open and friendly environment for the Paisabazaar family that encourages free flowing ideas, teamwork and relentless execution."
Allstate,4.2,(860 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 6 more",11 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"The Allstate Corporation is one of the largest publicly held insurance providers in the United States. The company also has personal lines insurance operations in Canada. Ranked No. 66 in the 2022 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue, Allstate Corporation owns and operates 18 companies around the United States, Canada and India.

Allstate India Private Limited also known as Allstate India is a subsidiary of the Allstate Corporation. Setup in 2012, Allstate India serves as a strategic business services arm for the enterprise and operates under the Corporation's 'Good Hands' promise."
Karma Ayurveda,4.5,(859 Reviews),201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Microsoft Corpor...,4.3,(999 Reviews),Private,Sunnyvale + 42 more,48 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"At Microsoft, our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our mission is grounded in both the world in which we live and the future we strive to create. Today, we live in a mobile-first, cloud-first world, and the transformation we are driving across our businesses is designed to enable Microsoft and our customers to thrive in this world. 

We do business in 170 countries and are made up of 144,000 passionate employees dedicated to fulfilling our mission of helping you and your organization achieve more."
Pantaloons,4.2,(856 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 117 more",26 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Voted as 'India's Most Trusted Apparel Retail Brand,' (Brand Equity Survey 2014/2015), Pantaloons, a division of ABFRL has always been one of the most loved large format fashion retailers in India. Pantaloons is today the fastest growing large format retailer in the country. The rate of new store openings has increased from one every two months to one every two weeks. The brand is now present in 78 Indian cities / towns.

Pantaloons posted revenues of INR 2,164 crores in FY15-16, up by 17 percent from the previous year. The company offers a wide range of brand offerings across apparel and non-apparel categories and across varied price points.

It operates across categories of casual wear, ethnic wear, formal wear, party wear and active wear for men, women and kids. Womenswear is the lead category contributing to half of total apparel sales. Non-apparel products include footwear, handbags, cosmetics, perfumes, fashion jewelry and watches."
Daimler India Co...,4.1,(856 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 32 more",137 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Daimler Trucks Asia (DTA) combines the strengths of two distinct legal entities Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation (MFTBC) and Daimler India Commercial Vehicles (DICV).

This unit allows the entities to collaborate on areas such as product development, production, exports, sourcing and optimizing research and sales & market development activities to provide the best of value products to our customers.

MFTBC, with more than 80 years of history and DICV, with its fresh and innovative outlook have been integral parts of Daimler Trucks, jointly contributing to more than a third of its sales volumes. DTA, deriving its strengths from both the entities, is the answer to the significantly growing demand for trucks and the different needs of customers around the world."
Suguna Foods,4.1,(855 Reviews),Private,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 127 more",39 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Suguna Foods Pvt. Ltd, India’s leading poultry conglomerate, has grown to become an INR 10,000 crore turnover company, over a period of 35+ years. The company’s core value is its dedication to economic and social development in rural India, and it has currently empowered over 40,000+ farmers from 15,000+ villages across 18 Indian states, rewriting the destiny of thousands of farmers and creating our future entrepreneurs.

Suguna Chicken – Safer, Tender, Makes you Stronger
Suguna Chicken, acclaimed for its exceptional quality and flavor, is a household favourite in many Indian families. It is a pacesetter in the Indian broiler chicken market, reared from the finest bred of carefully handpicked chicks. The brand’s resourcefulness and endeavors to maintain consistency, highest quality, and safety standards are extensively recognized by those who like the flavour of delicious tender chicken.
A well-controlled process ensures you get the freshest and safest chicken directly from the farms. We guarantee the birds are grown in natural settings with nutrient-rich feed, and you can be assured that the chicken is tender and juicy. This best-quality chicken is now offered through over 75,000+ retail shops. Glimpse for signature Suguna Chicken products at local chicken stores the next time you go shopping.

Suguna Feeds – Feeding Better Nutrition 
We offer quality feeds produced from our feed mills, located in pan India. Top-grade ingredients are used to deliver the best feeds to suit your farm requirements. Our feed mills are fitted with precise and stable control methods that constitute quality at each stage of feed manufacturing.
All feed mills examine and analyze raw materials through our active R & D center for sustained feed quality and high-quality production.

Delfrez – Great Taste, Delightfully Fresh
Suguna Started its Processed Food Division way back in 2002 and is a pioneer to lead. In the era of growth and easy access to comfort, Delfrez introduces a new way of shopping for meat.
The luxury of selecting from a range of fresh meat at your convenience that is available in different types of portions & desired quantities and is available in all leading modern and general trade. Delfrez store is a chain of high-quality outlets that meets diverse consumer needs for chicken, value-added eggs, mutton, marinades, and more. We have 250+ outlets across leading metro cities like Chennai, Bangalore, Gurgaon, Mumbai, and Cochin.

Mother’s Delight – The Taste of Good Health
Mother’s Delight Refined Soyabean Oil is a wholesome cooking oil that is rich in nutritional value and premium quality. It has a balanced combination of Linoleic and fatty acids, which aids in food absorption and cell development. Mother’s Delight retains the intrinsic benefits and qualities of Soybean to provide consumers with light, pleasant, and healthy refined oil. It is rich in Vitamin E and antioxidants which boost immunity.
It contains omega-3 and omega-6 essential fatty acids, both of which are beneficial to human health. The product is manufactured and packed in our facilities at Soya Division, Maharashtra, which is ISO 9001-2008 certified. Mother’s Delight is an –“AGMARK” Product that is certified for Quality by Govt. of India. Mother’s Delight Soyabean Refined Oil is available in convenient packs."
Welspun,4.1,(853 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 39 more,38 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"With our immense global presence in over 50 countries and a strong team of over 26,000 home textile manufacturers in India spanning varied ethnicities, cultures, and geographies, we have acquired global leadership in home textile and line pipe.

In order to stay prominent across all our businesses, we constantly strive to provide our customers with a delightful experience through innovation and technology. From homes to highways, from hi-tech to heavy metals, we wish to create a smarter, sustainable world and lead by example!

With the sole intention of keeping our consumers' well-being at the core and making their lives better 24x7, we are dedicated to creating a smarter, sustainable world. We create high-end, comprehensive solutions supported by our integrated facilities and 360-degree capabilities. For over 35 years, we've been a global leader in home textiles. Our constant focus on innovation, branding and sustainability is what separates us from the rest.

Our success is driven by a robust team of over 20,000 people worldwide. We have a wide variety of home textile brands in India and a product portfolio in three major categories:"
Oracle Financial...,3.8,(853 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 14 more,33 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Oracle helps banks simplify processes, innovate on demand, and drive predictive insight. Our solutions help banks bring new products to market faster, build customer-centric digital solutions, and achieve success through collaboration in an increasingly complex financial ecosystem."
TATA Power,4.1,(1.6k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 92 more",112 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Tata Power, together with its subsidiaries & joint entities, has a generation capacity of 10763 MW of which 36% comes from clean energy sources. The company has the distinction of being among the top private players in each sector of the value chain including solar rooftop and value-added services.Tata Power is a pioneer credited with steering the energy sector on technology, process and platform. Powering emerging technologies for the 'smart' customer, Tata Power's latest business integrated solutions, focusing on mobility and lifestyle, is poised for multi-fold growth.With its 103 years track record of technology leadership, project execution excellence, world-class safety processes, customer care and driving green initiatives, Tata Power is committed to 'lighting up lives' for generations to come."
Bayer,4.2,(1.2k Reviews),Public,"Monheim Am Rhein,North Rhine-westphalia + 149 more",160 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bayer is a Life Science company with a more than 150-year history and core competencies in the areas of health care and agriculture. With our innovative products, we are contributing to finding solutions to some of the major challenges of our time"
The Jaypee Group,4.0,(1.4k Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 85 more",44 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Transforming challenges into opportunities has been the hallmark of the Jaypee Group, ever since its inception five decades ago. The Group is a diversified infrastructure conglomerate with business interests in Engineering & Construction, Cement, Power, Real Estate, Expressways, Fertilizer, Hospitality, Healthcare, Sports, Information Technology and Education (not-for-profit)."
Bharat Forge,3.9,(847 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 12 more",62 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A preferred Technology & Engineering driven development partner and global leader in metal forming we serve several sectors including Automotive, Railways, Aerospace, Marine, Oil & Gas, Power, Construction and Mining. Being the world's largest forging company and amongst one of the best aerospace forging companies and automotive forging company; we have transcontinental presence across ten manufacturing locations spread across India, Germany, Sweden, France and North America. We are also a leading supplier of various components for the aviation sector making us a renowned name amongst aerospace forging companies in India and around the world.

Part of the Kalyani Group - A USD 3 billion conglomerate with 10,000 global work force, we have the largest repository of metallurgical know-how, design & engineering expertise, and manufacturing prowess in the region, which has established us as one the leading forging manufacturers in India. We are backed by more than 50 years of experience in manufacturing a wide range of high performance, critical and safety components. We offer full service supply capability to our geographically dispersed marquee customers from concept to product design, engineering, manufacturing, testing & validation."
Indiabulls Consu...,3.9,(846 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 125 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Indiabulls Consumer Finance Limited (IBCFL),formerly IVL Finance Limited is a non-deposit taking NBFC registered with the Reserve Bank of India and is a 100% subsidiary of Indiabulls Ventures Limited. As digitization transformed the banking and financial sector, the company recognized a great opportunity and ventured into the retail lending space with Indiabulls Consumer Finance Limited (IBCFL), formerly IVL Finance Limited.On the back of this digital transformation, Indiabulls Consumer Finance Limited (IBCFL),formerly IVL Finance Limited. has struck a sweet spot by providing a future ready digitised product to its consumers with Indiabulls Dhani. Indiabulls Dhani is a completely online personal loan fulfillment offering which provides customers with money directly in their bank accounts. The product has been developed to cater to the aspirational needs of the everyday Indian by providing speed and convenience to their personal loan needs."
Collabera Techno...,3.6,(844 Reviews),Private,"Basking Ridge,New Jersey + 39 more",32 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Beginning in 1991, Collabera changed the way corporate staffing solutions and services are provided. Our mission has been to prioritize building our relationships over building our bottom line. Simply put, we care about people.

Looking for a job is a tough, grinding, and often fruitless journey; so too the search to find passionate, inspired staff, capable of turning a vision into a success. The most common response to “how’s the job search going?” Usually, a loud, lengthy groan.

At Collabera, we reach out a hand to turn the search into a companionable, supportive journey. A journey that certainly doesn’t inspire groaning, and one that no one ever takes alone.

Our supportive employee network helps place talented professionals at innovative companies across the world, providing continuous support for both client and consultant throughout the length of each project.

We’re the seekers, the hunters, the pacers of pavements, wearing holes in our proverbial shoes looking for the perfect person for the project, the perfect project for the person.

At Collabera, the job isn’t where the journey starts. The job is where the dreaming turns a corner. We’re the page where a story comes to life.

Whether you’re a recent graduate hoping to get your foot in the door, a C-level professional searching for your next challenge, or a company (large or small) in need of staffing support, reach out. We’re here to help."
Adani Power,4.1,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 63 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Adani Power Limited (APL), a part of the diversified Adani Group, is the largest private thermal power producer in India. We have a power generation capacity of 12,450 MW comprising thermal power plants in Gujarat, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Rajasthan, and Chhattisgarh and a 40 MW solar power project in Gujarat.

We were the world’s first company to set up a coal-based Supercritical thermal power project registered under the Clean Development Mechanism (CDM) of the Kyoto protocol. Despite being a new entrant to power generation in 2006, we capitalised on the project management skills of the Adani Group to set up our first power plant at Mundra successfully and efficiently.

The power sector in India has undergone a challenging period in the past few years, which put to test the resilience of our business model. We have emerged stronger by successfully navigating the challenges through prudence, persistence and discipline."
PI Industries,4.1,(842 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 65 more",76 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1946, we work with a unique business model across the Agchem value chain from R&D to distribution providing innovative solutions by partnering with the best.
Known for our technological capabilities in Chemistry/ Engineering related services and on the other hand, have built leading brands over the last 75 years and connected with more than 70,000 retail points pan India."
Daikin,4.2,(842 Reviews),Private,"Osaka City,Osaka + 65 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Daikin Airconditioning India Pvt. Ltd. ( DAIPL) is a 100% subsidiary of Daikin Industries Ltd., Japan, a global leader in the manufacturing of commercial-use and residential air conditioning systems. Backed by the superior technology, the organization offers a wide range of energy efficient air conditioning solutions to the Indian customers. It has been successfully offering premium air conditioning solutions in the Indian market for large-scale projects. Robust growth is forecasted in India’s air-conditioning market in the future and Daikin intends to further increase its market share of residential and large-scale projects"
Standard Charter...,4.0,(839 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 13 more,22 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Standard Chartered Global Business Services Private Limited is a Private incorporated on 19 May 2000. It is classified as Non-govt company and is registered at Registrar of Companies, Chennai. Its authorized share capital is Rs. 100,000,000 and its paid up capital is Rs. 83,116,000. It is inolved in Activities auxiliary to financial intermediation, except insurance and pension funding.[This Group includes activities involved in or closely related to financial inter-mediation other than insurance and pension funding but not themselves involving financial inter-mediation].

Standard Chartered Global Business Services Private Limited's Annual General Meeting (AGM) was last held on 24 September 2018 and as per records from Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), its balance sheet was last filed on 31 March 2018.

Directors of Standard Chartered Global Business Services Private Limited are Zarin Bomi Daruwala, Matthew Adam Norris, Sham Sunder Arora, Thomas Paul Howie, ."
Cinépolis,4.3,(839 Reviews),Morelia + 44 more,52 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Cinépolis was founded in Mexico in the city of Morelia, Michoacán in 1971. Today it has positioned itself as the world’s 2nd largest movie theater circuit in attendance, operating 738 cinema complexes, 5,848 screens and over 11,52,480 seats across 17 countries, serving more than 338.4 million patrons worldwide. It was the first cinema exhibitor in the world to pioneer the concept of luxury movie theatres, establishing the first luxury theatre experience in 1999 in Mexico City. Cinépolis aspires to provide its guests with the best overall experience in film entertainment and employs a global workforce of more than 39,370 people to support its mission. Cinépolis plans to continue to revolutionize the industry for years to come.

Cinépolis India is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cinépolis and is the 1st international exhibitor in India. The company currently operates 360 screens under the brand names of Cinépolis, Cinépolis VIP, and Fun Cinemas. Cinépolis operates India’s biggest Megaplex – 15 Screen Multiplex in Pune and has brought innovative concepts to exhibition Industry in India. Cinépolis also offers multi-benefit loyalty program- ‘Club Cinépolis’, to enhance customer experience and increase loyalty. Club Cinépolis offers free registration, earning and burning of points, invite to pre-screening of movies and star visits. Cinépolis India has been awarded with “Most Admired Retail Launch” in 2010, “Most Admired Retailer – Innovation” in 2011, “Fastest Growing Multiplex Chain” in 2015, “IMAGES Most Admired Retailer – Entertainment” in 2015, “DLP CineAsia Marketing Achievement Award” in 2015, ‘Best Marketing Campaign of the Year’ award at the Making of Developed India awards 2017. In 2018 Cinépolis has been awarded with ‘Best Multiplex – West’, ‘Best Multiplex – South’ and ‘Fastest Growing Chain’ at the Global awards for Retail Excellence. In 2018, Cinépolis India has been awarded with “Most Trusted Brand of the Year” at Big Cine Expo 2018 and Images Most Admired Retailer – Entertainment at Indian Retail Forum 2018."
Indiabulls Home ...,4.0,(838 Reviews),"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 110 more",18 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"A home is not just a place, it is a feeling. It is the answer to one’s need for security, comfort and happiness. A happy home is most often a definite fixture in what can be described as the must haves in life. One’s home is a treasure trove of cherished memories, a safe place for one’s thoughts, and most importantly, a place to call one’s own. Millions of Indians aspire to enjoy the joyous feeling of belonging that comes with one’s own home.

Helping the everyday Indian achieve his/her dreams has been our motto at IBH, since our inception in 2000. As facilitators in one’s housing journey, our constant efforts are directed towards increasing speed, convenience, affordability and the quality of service for home seekers. As a result, we have fostered win-win relationships with over 1 million customers and have cumulatively disbursed home loans of Rs. 1.97 trillion as of the last financial year. We take immense pride in the dreams that we have enabled for our customers, and use this commitment to trust and service towards achieving greater heights each day."
Frankfinn Instit...,3.9,(837 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 50 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Frankfinn – the World's No. 1 Air Hostess Training Institute
Frankfinn has been growing at phenomenal speed since its inception in 1993, and, is today recognised as the World’s no. 1 Air Hostess Training Institute. Frankfinn’s focus lies in creating versatile, balanced and structured training program and Certificate courses for its students. The training is designed after years of dedicated research and provides each student with the knowledge and skill required to achieve great success in the fields of aviation, hospitality, and travel and customer service. With a team of highly qualified and experienced instructors and a network of over forty nine centres spread across India, Frankfinn continues to leverage its domain expertise and deliver word-class training and placement support to all its students. 

The company’s numerous awards and recognitions, serve as a testimony to the amount of hard work, entrepreneurship and dedication that has gone into making Frankfinn, a truly global and renowned brand what it is today."
Unisys,3.9,(835 Reviews),Private,"Blue Bell,Pennsylvania + 10 more",37 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Unisys is a global information technology company that builds high-performance, security-centric solutions for the most demanding businesses and governments. Unisys offerings include security software and services; digital transformation and workplace services; industry applications and services; and innovative software operating environments for high-intensity enterprise computing. We build better outcomes securely for our clients across the Government, Financial Services and Commercial markets."
Vfs Global Servi...,3.8,(832 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 22 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"VFS Global is the world's largest outsourcing and technology services specialist for governments and diplomatic missions worldwide. The company manages the administrative and non-judgmental tasks related to visa, passport, identity management and other citizen services for its client governments. This enables them to focus entirely on the critical task of assessment."
SS&C TECHNOLOGIE...,3.7,(896 Reviews),Private,"Windsor Locks,Connecticut + 13 more",37 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"SS&C GlobeOp, a business division of SS&C Technologies, is a leading global provider of cloud-based fund services, technology and mobility-enabled infrastructure for hedge funds, fund of funds, private equity and managed account managers. SS&C GlobeOp’s expertise in business process outsourcing supports complete life cycle capabilities, available on a stand-alone basis to hedge funds, fund of funds, private equity funds, asset managers, family wealth offices, insurance companies, pension funds, corporate treasuries and private/regional banks. By outsourcing to SS&C GlobeOp, clients can reduce their technology investment and operational risks, leaving them more time to focus on asset generation and portfolio management."
GMR Group,4.2,(1.7k Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 47 more",45 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"It was in 1978, when G M Rao started off with a small jute mill, and established, over three decades later, what is known today as GMR Group. GMR is today a major player in the Infrastructure Sector, with world class projects in India and abroad. GMR Group is headquartered in New Delhi, and has been developing projects in high growth areas such as Airports, Energy, Transportation and Urban Infrastructure.

GMR Group is one of the fastest growing infrastructure enterprises in the country with a rich and diverse experience spanning three decades. With our vibrant portfolio of projects, GMR is uniquely placed to build state of the art projects in sectors that are of critical importance in the process of development. Using the Public Private Partnership model, the Group has successfully leveraged its core strengths to implement several iconic infrastructure projects in India."
Punj Lloyd,4.3,(830 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 66 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Punj Lloyd Group is a diversified international conglomerate offering EPC services in Energy and Infrastructure along with engineering and manufacturing capabilities in the Defence sector.

With a turnover of US$ 651 million, the Group has twenty four international offices across the Middle East, the Caspian, Asia Pacific, Africa, South Asia, China and Europe.

The Group offers EPC solutions across a wide spectrum of businesses and has delivered landmark projects for national and international clients.

Punj Lloyd has also emerged a strong private player in Defence pursuing various programmes under the Land Systems, Aerospace, Small Arms and Security. With its dedicated, high-end facility for Defence in Gwalior, India, Punj Lloyd has built a prestigious clientele for itself including Ordnance Factory Board, Gun Carriage Factory Jabalpur, HAL, GE Aviation, RRCAT, BARC, SAAB , IWI, GCF and Fincantieri among others.

A dynamic enterprise, the Group explores and pursues the enormous opportunity in markets globally. Partnering with the best in their own arena, Punj Lloyd brings technology and quality to clients worldwide and reiterates its belief of delivering the best, in services and manufacturing."
Aptara,3.3,(830 Reviews),Private,"Falls Church,Virginia + 8 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Content. Whatever your business, whatever form your content takes, whether it’s your company’s primary revenue source, a training instrument, or the backbone of your back-office operations. Whether you publish it, mine it, use it to teach, to lawyer, or to comply with federal regulations—or you need customer services to support its distribution and use. No company understands content like Aptara. 
 
Aptara creates content. We design, capture, convert, and enrich it. We repurpose it, manage it, and make it discoverable. We build and support the technology and workflows that move your content across your entire organization and to market quickly and effectively. And we provide business solutions to support your entire content operation.Content can take many forms—books, training materials, compliance filings, product information, marketing materials, depositions, gaming apps, and financial documents.
 
Aptara’s industry veterans have unrivaled expertise in content creation, learning and performance, complex content technology, document processing, and customer relationship management. 
 
Our subject matter experts, instructional content designers, and technologists develop and deploy solutions that achieve efficient, low-cost digital content production for delivery to PCs, tablets, smartphones, and print.Smart content is profitable content. 
 
By developing a lucrative, overarching content strategy, Aptara turns flat, static content into smart content: digital information that can be mined, multipurposed, and monetized. 
 
And Aptara leverages new digital and mobile technology to reveal the revenue opportunities in any information provider’s existing content assets."
Northern Trust O...,4.2,(827 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 10 more",18 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Northern Operating Services Private Limited serve the world’s most successful individuals, families and institutions through deep expertise, a culture of unwavering values and operational precision—working closely with every client to help them achieve something greater.

For more than a century, Northern Trust has worked hard building our legacy of outstanding service, expertise and integrity. From our roots as a trust bank to a global presence today—with nearly 20,000 employees across offices in 22 states and Washington, D.C., and 22 international locations—our foundation of strength and stability helps clients grow with confidence."
Aadhar Housing F...,4.2,(826 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 199 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aadhar housing finance ltd (Aadhar), formerly known as DHFL Vysya Housing Finance Ltd, is one of the largest affordable housing finance companies in India servicing the home financing needs of the low income sections of the society. Aadhar endeavours to empower underserved millions to own their first homes.

The erstwhile Aadhar Housing Finance Limited (EAHFL) was incorporated in 2010 and later amalgamated with DHFL Vysya w.e.f 20th November, 2017 and subsequently name changed to Aadhar Housing Finance Limited. Formed With the merger of DHFL Vysya and Aadhar Housing Finance, Aadhar is one of the few players in the industry with a pan-India presence. Today, we provide financing solutions to all segments of customers whose monthly income is between INR 5000 (USD 76) to INR 50000 (USD 765) and above."
Haldiram Foods,4.0,(926 Reviews),Private,Nagpur + 80 more,53 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Over the course of eight decades, a lot has changed about us. We have relocated, undergone expansion, developed new product lines & added segments, opened retail chains & stores across India and embraced new markets overseas. One thing hasn’t changed - we’re still a tight-knit family business, committed to serving the most authentic taste of India through our products.

Our origins can be traced back to a small namkeen shop in Bikaner founded by Ganga Bishan Agarwal (Haldiram Ji). This modest shop quickly gained popularity and scaled up to meet a booming demand for its unique-tasting bhujia. Building on this legacy, his grandson, our pioneer Mr. Shiv Kishan Agrawal steered the business towards the heights it has tasted today.

Determined to take bhujia beyond the boundaries of Bikaner, he shifted base to Nagpur in 1970. We opened our first full-production unit to introduce a delectable variety of savouries, sweets and beverages to the market. The success of this venture led us to expand and evolve as a brand, that is an integral part of every Indian household.

From our formative years, he instilled the value of keeping the tradition and quality intact, even as we matured as a company. All our products maintain a consistent sense of simplicity. The ingredients and recipes were picked to accentuate these ideas and are followed to this date. We promise that all our products are natural, wholesome and have a homemade feel to them.

Although, Haldiram’s is about more than just food. By creating a strong sense of community and supporting our associates, we continue to feel like a true family business. We carry these values with us as we operate together to serve generations of happy connoisseurs across the globe and continue to be the nation’s beloved snack-food company.

As the age old saying goes, “The way to one’s heart courses through their stomach”. We want to leave no stone unturned to win your hearts."""
Sharekhan,4.1,(823 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 100 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 2000 and a subsidiary of BNP Paribas since November 2016, Sharekhan was one of the first brokers to offer online trading in India. With 16 lakh customers, 153 branches and more than 2400 business partners spread across over 575 locations, Sharekhan is one of the largest brokers in India. Sharekhan offers a wide range of savings & investment solutions including equities, futures and options. currency trading, portfolio management, research and mutual funds and investor education. On an average, Sharekhan executes more than 400,000 trades daily"
Apollo Pharmacy,3.9,(823 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 134 more",40 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Apollo Pharmacy is a part of Apollo Hospitals - Asia's largest healthcare group. It is India's first and largest branded pharmacy network, with over 3000 plus outlets in key Locations.

Accredited with - International Quality Certification, Apollo Pharmacy offers genuine medicines round-the-clock, through their 24-hour Pharmacies. Apollo Pharmacy also provides Customer Care any time of the day.

Quality is the cornerstone of our existence. We have gained experience in pharmacy operations management over the last 2 decades and are committed to delivering best service in the industry.

Apollo Pharmacy is well stocked with medicines OTC and FMCG products, manned by competent staff with computerized system.

Apollopharmacy.in has more than 5000 products in various categories like Vitamins and supplements, Baby care, Personal care, Health foods and OTC. In addition to this we have more than 400 Apollo Brand Products in the following categories like vitamins and supplements, health food,

Oral care, skin care, personal care, baby care, OTC etc."
Krishna Maruti,4.1,(819 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 20 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Krishna Maruti Group, a 365 million dollar conglomerate, was incorporated in 1994 as an ancillary to Maruti Udyog Ltd. For manufacture and supply of Seating systems by its chairman Mr. Ashok Kapur. The group today manufactures Seating Systems, Injection Molded Door Trims, Rear View Mirrors, Head Rest Assemblies, Arm Rest Assemblies, Roof liners and Molded Carpets and a vast diverse range of Injection molded parts catering to Automotive as well as Two wheeler industry."
Sysnet Global Te...,3.7,(817 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 93 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sysnet is an IT infrastructure management provider. For over twenty years, we have relentlessly provided quality service to customers, directly and on behalf of our clients, helping them maximize productivity of their IT assets. We have earned their respect as a reliable business partner, committed to providing quality services in the remotest of locations across the country. Our team of committed technical and management professionals supported by state-of-the-art CRM solutions - ensure that we not only respond effectively to a customer’s IT needs, but proactively anticipate them. Thus helping our users focus on their core deliverables. The world of Sysnet is all-pervasive. Our clientele includes Banking, Insurance, Corporate, Heath, Hospitality and private sectors along with Government, Semi-Government, Autonomous and Educational Institutions."
Saipem,3.9,(816 Reviews),Private,"San Donato Milanese,Milan + 29 more",66 years old,10k-50k Employees (Global),"Saipem is an advanced technological and engineering platform for the design, construction, and operation of complex, safe and sustainable infrastructures and plants."
Tata Communicati...,4.1,(815 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 57 more,17 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Tata Communications is operating at a pivotal moment in the evolution of human activity – the so-called ‘Fourth Industrial Revolution’. As a leading provider of global digital infrastructure services, the company provides the integrated, globally managed tech solutions that underpin the fast-growing digital economy.Always an agile, challenger brand, the company’s journey – first from India-based public sector agency to global telco and now to digital infrastructure solutions – has given it intimate and intricate knowledge and know-how to uniquely advise and enable organisations around the world in their own voyage of digital transformation.
As businesses and societies seek new and better ways to make digital work for them, the more their inspiration and aspirations evolve. Tata Communications focuses on helping businesses understand and navigate through the vast potential offered by technologies that they have come to rely upon – such as network, mobility, collaboration and security services. Looking further out, it also shapes the future by investing in emerging trends – such as IoT, AI, automation and analytics. And it delivers all this seamlessly through the cloud, which in turn is underpinned by one of the most advanced, wholly-owned sub-sea fibre-optic networks in the world.For thousands of customers across the globe, Tata Communications sparks an infinite universe of connections in the cloud and under the seas. Its 150-year Tata heritage grounded in social responsibility, humility and impeccable integrity, coupled with its creative, keen, challenge to win mindset makes Tata Communications uniquely positioned to provide digital infrastructure services for enterprises, partners and service providers everywhere. Tata Communications enables its customers’ digital future today while also partnering with them, with governments and with society, to build a better tomorrow."
Indian Railways,4.1,(2.6k Reviews),Govt Organisation,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 136 more",170 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"About Indian RailwaysThe first railway on Indian sub-continent ran over a stretch of 21 miles from Bombay to Thane. The idea of a railway to connect Bombay with Thane, Kalyan and with the Thal and Bhore Ghats inclines first occurred to Mr. George Clark, the Chief Engineer of the Bombay Government, during a visit to Bhandup in 1843.The formal inauguration ceremony was performed on 16th April 1853, when 14 railway carriages carrying about 400 guests left Bori Bunder at 3.30 pm ""amidst the loud applause of a vast multitude and to the salute of 21 guns."" The first passenger train steamed out of Howrah station destined for Hooghly, a distance of 24 miles, on 15th August, 1854. Thus the first section of the East Indian Railway was opened to public traffic, inaugurating the beginning of railway transport on the Eastern side of the subcontinent. In south the first line was opened on Ist July, 1856 by the Madras Railway Company. It ran between Vyasarpadi Jeeva Nilayam (Veyasarpandy) and Walajah Road (Arcot), a distance of 63 miles. In the North a length of 119 miles of line was laid from Allahabad to Kanpur on 3rd March 1859. The first section from Hathras Road to Mathura Cantonment was opened to traffic on 19th October, 1875."
Amity University,3.8,(813 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 67 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""At Amity we benchmark only against the best institutions around the world. Our faculty and senior team travel all over the globe to learn and imbibe the best practices so that we can give a solid foundation for learning.

As part of this endeavour, we have air-conditioned amphitheatre style classrooms that provide the most conducive atmosphere for dynamic and focused discussions, while the libraries at our campus are equipped with over 1,00,000 books, periodicals, national and international journals, CD-ROMS, covering all aspects of academic studies and research material. The hi-tech labs act as ideal training grounds for budding professionals that allow students to experiment and bring to practice what they have learnt in theory."""
ABC,3.9,(811 Reviews),Public,New York + 88 more,80 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"The ABC Television Network is home to the Emmy-winning ""Modern Family"" and comedy favorite ""The Goldbergs""; reality phenomenons ""Shark Tank"" and ""American Idol"" as well as long-running hit ""Dancing with the Stars""; ""General Hospital,"" along with daytime talk show ""The View"" and late-night talk show ""Jimmy Kimmel Live!"" The network also boasts some of television's most prestigious awards shows, including The Oscars, the Country Music Awards, The American Music Awards and more.

ABC Studios is a leader in the development, production and strategic distribution of entertainment content and is the key content provider for the ABC Entertainment Group. The studio's current hits include ""Grey's Anatomy,"" ""The Good Doctor,"" ""American Housewife,"" ""Speechless,"" ""Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D."" and more series that air on other networks."
Consolidated Con...,4.6,(811 Reviews),Public,"Marousi,Alger + 40 more",71 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CCC’s origins go back to 1952 when three talented young entrepreneurs, the late Kamel Abdul-Rahman, the late Hasib Sabbagh, and the late Said Khoury, joined forces to create one of the first Arab construction companies.

After decades of growth, CCC continues to practice the same style of management incorporated at its founding, a style based on mutual trust with clients, ease of communication, and smooth collaboration across locations and departments. Since the company’s humble beginnings, the CCC Group has expanded to include several subsidiaries, augmenting CCC’s regional and international status. Today, CCC leads the industry in the adoption of new technology to improve construction efficiency and enhance project controls.

To learn more about CCC, please browse a more detailed company Introduction, meet our Key Personnel, explore our Offices & Projects around the world, learn some Company Facts & Statistics, find our Group members, and see our many Partners with whom we have successfully collaborated during the past half century in the construction industry."
Gland Pharma,4.2,(1.4k Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 21 more",45 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in Hyderabad, India in 1978, Gland Pharma has grown over the years from a contract manufacturer of small volume liquid parenteral products, to become one of the largest and fastest growing injectable-focused companies, with a global footprint across 60 countries, including the United States, Europe, Canada, Australia, India and other markets. We operate primarily under a business to business (B2B) model and have an excellent track record in the development, manufacturing and marketing of complex injectables. This presence across the value chain has helped us witness exponential growth. We are promoted by Shanghai Fosun Pharma, a global pharmaceutical major."
Altisource,3.7,(808 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 8 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Altisource is a leader in providing services and technology for the mortgage and real estate industries. With innovation as a guiding principle and a focus on compliance and exceptional service, we provide end-to-end solutions in origination and servicing, and offer online real estate platforms for consumers and investors.

At Altisource, we’re dedicated to sustainable housing and helping communities preserve their neighborhoods. We work with charitable organizations at a national and local level to build homes and support preservation projects globally. We offer opportunities for our employees and customers to engage with us in this mission."
Spicejet,3.6,(807 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 50 more",19 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"SpiceJet is India's favorite low-cost airline with 500+ flights per day covering 50+ domestic & 8 international destinations. SpiceJet connects its network using next generation fleet of Boeing 737-800 and Boeing 737-900ER aircraft's, along with Bombardier Q-400 aircraft that are focused on Tier II and Tier III cities."
Cushman & Wakefi...,4.4,(807 Reviews),Private,Chicago + 29 more,26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Cushman & Wakefield (NYSE: CWK) is a leading global real estate services firm that delivers exceptional value for real estate occupiers and owners. Cushman & Wakefield is among the largest real estate services firms with approximately 51,000 employees in 400 offices and 70 countries. In 2018, the firm had revenue of $8.2 billion across core services of property, facilities and project management, leasing, capital markets, valuation and other services.

Since opening its first Chicago office in 1967, Cushman & Wakefield has played a vital role in local real estate, accounting for some of the most high-profile transactions and continuously ranking amongst the top firms in the city. Today, as our global headquarters, Cushman & Wakefield has three offices and more than 640 employees in Chicago, providing strategic real estate solutions under the iconic Cushman & Wakefield brand. Over the course of nearly 100 years, we have made a name for ourselves as one of the biggest and best global real estate firms – and we still have a world of opportunity ahead of us."
Computer Age Man...,3.8,(807 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 68 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CAMS has been a part of the Indian Financial services segment for over two decades and has built good reputation as Registrar and Transfer Agency to the Asset Management Industry of India and as a technology enabled service solutions partner to Private Life Insurance, Private Equity Funds, Banks, Non-Banking Finance Companies. Besides serving as B2B solutions partner, CAMS brings the ability of a B2C to serve the end customers through a variety touch points such as pan India network of Service centres, White Label Call centre, Online, Mobile app and Chatbot Services.
CAMS has three back office delivery centres in Chennai and one BCP site at Coimbatore, about 500 Kms from Chennai and a Pan India network of 278 customer service centres. Our front, middle and back offices are powered by a talent pool of 4,314 permanent resources as at 30th Sept 2019.
CAMS is co-owned by - NSE Investments Limited (Subsidiary of NSE), Warburg Pincus LLC (a leading global private equity firm), Faering Capital (a leading Indian mid-market private equity firm), ACSYS Investments Pvt Ltd and HDFC Group (a financial services conglomerate) and is head-quartered in Chennai, India."
Cerner,4.0,(806 Reviews),Public,"Kansas,Missouri + 1 more",44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"For 40 years, we’ve worked at the intersection of health care and information technology to connect people and systems around the world. We use the latest technology to create solutions that let communities and people engage in their own health. Whether they are supporting the clinical, financial or operational areas of a hospital or health system, our tools are designed to work for today and think for tomorrow.

We support our clients by surfacing data that enables them to make informed decisions for better management of operations, while arming their clinicians with the information they need to provide smarter care. Empowering them to know, manage and engage with the people they serve. All to disrupt the industry and transform the way health care is delivered.

It’s our mission to relentlessly seek breakthrough innovation that will shape health care of tomorrow. And we believe that what we do doesn’t just impact health care – it impacts the world. It’s why, more than ever, health care is too important to stay the same.™"
KIA MOTORS,3.8,(804 Reviews),Private,Seoul + 86 more,79 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In April 2017, Kia Motors signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with the State Government of Andhra Pradesh, India, to build a new manufacturing facility in Anantapur District. Kia Motors’ first manufacturing facility in India is under construction and is expected to begin production in the second half of 2019 and produce approximately 300,000 units per year. About Kia Motors Corporation (KMC)Kia Motors Corporation – a maker of world-class quality vehicles for the young-at-heart – was founded in 1944 and is Korea's oldest manufacturer of motor vehicles. Over 3 million Kia vehicles a year are produced at 14 manufacturing and assembly operations in five countries which are then sold and serviced through a network of distributors and dealers covering around 180 countries. Kia today has over 51,000 employees worldwide and annual revenues of over US$45 billion. It is the major sponsor of the Australian Open and an official automotive partner of FIFA – the governing body of the FIFA World Cup™. Kia Motors Corporation's brand slogan – ""The Power to Surprise""​ – represents the company's global commitment to surprise the world by providing exciting and inspiring experiences that go beyond expectations"
Serco,4.3,(802 Reviews),Private,Hook + 36 more,35 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Serco is one of the world’s largest providers of public services to Governments, employing over 50,000 people in over 20 countries. The services we provide are often of critical importance to the communities and nations we serve.Providing public services is one of the most satisfying and rewarding careers you can have. You have an ability to make a real positive difference to people’s lives and to the safety and security of your community and country. Serco operates in five sectors of public-service provision: Health, Transport, Justice & Immigration, Defence and Citizens Services"
IDC Technologies,3.4,(800 Reviews),Private,"Milpitas,California + 48 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IDC Technologies, Inc is a Premier Technology Services Organization with primary focus in IT services. A flexible working model (Fixed bid / T&M / Resource level support), Best-in-Practice solutions with accelerators and highly capable multi-disciplinary technology force from IDC our clients achieve their technology objectives with faster ROI and Time-to-Market capability.With a unique Onsite/offshore global delivery model we deliver solutions with the precision required by our client. Dedicated Client Partner and Delivery manager are paired to work on your project from the start to the completion stage of the project as one amongst you."
HTC Global Servi...,3.7,(797 Reviews),Private,"Troy,Michigan + 20 more",33 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"HTC Global Services, established in 1990 and headquartered in Troy, Michigan, is a leading global information technology, and business process services company with operations across North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East, and India. We leverage our expertise in legacy and emerging digital technologies to deliver transformative outcomes for our enviable list of clients, which includes Fortune 1000 companies.
Our new vision “Reimagining a better-shared world” and mission “Bringing human expertise to tech for delivering purposeful solutions that amplify value” is at the heart of our transformation approach, powered by cloud, platform mindset, and engagement. Our motto “Let’s make digital change happen” is our commitment to empower our clients to succeed in this digital world. While our values – integrity, teamwork, the pursuit of excellence, committed, customer-centric, and thought-leadership, defines our character and behavior."
XcelServ Solutio...,4.7,(796 Reviews),Private,"Las Vegas,Nevada + 33 more",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"XcelServ Solutions is an integrated dynamic establishment offering competitive and professional services globally through a combination of technology knowhow, domain and process expertise.Since the inception of Xcelsev in (mention Date), we have left an ineradicable impression in every domain with an impressive clientele and an extensive global presence. Headquartered in the USA, Xcelserv has a business development team in the USA as well as in Gurgaon and has a global presence in the travel technology. Founded by industry veterans and backed up by big venture capitalist, the company is currently in the process of adding operation facility in the Philippines."
TTEC India,4.1,(808 Reviews),Public,"San Mateo,California + 11 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"TTEC (pronounced t.tec) is a global customer experience company that designs, builds and operates captivating omnichannel customer experiences on behalf of the world’s most innovative brands. The Company provides its outcome-based customer engagement solutions through TTEC Digital which designs and builds customer experience consulting and technology solutions and TTEC Engage which operates customer care, growth and trust and safety services. Founded in 1982, TTEC partners with business leadership across marketing, sales and customer care to design and deliver a simple, more human customer experience across every interaction channel. The Company’s 50,000 employees operate on six continents across the globe and live by a set of customer-focused values that guide relationships with clients, their customers, and each other. To learn more about how TTEC is bringing humanity to the customer experience, visit www.ttec.com."
CitiusTech,4.0,(794 Reviews),Private,New Jersey + 10 more,18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"As one of the world’s fastest growing healthcare IT companies, CitiusTech plays a significant role in shaping the way healthcare is delivered to patients. We are a team of world-class IT professionals, driven by a strong sense of purpose – to accelerate innovation in healthcare and make a meaningful impact to human life.

We focus on building highly motivated engineering teams and thought leaders with an entrepreneurial mindset, centered on our core values of passion, respect, openness, unity and depth of knowledge. Our success lies in our ability to create a transparent, collaborative and non-hierarchical work environment that values opinion and empowers you to meet your personal and professional aspirations. This is what has helped make us India’s #1 healthcare IT company and the first IT Unicorn in this space.

With the exponential growth in healthcare technology adoption, CitiusTech is uniquely positioned to drive disruptive change across the healthcare industry. At CitiusTech, you become a part of this incredible growth story. You get to work on interesting projects with some of the world’s largest healthcare organizations, build next-gen technology skills and accelerate career growth, in a fun, balanced and high-performance work environment.

Join CitiusTech. Do something awesome!"
BNP Paribas,4.0,(1.8k Reviews),Private,Paris + 17 more,175 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"The bank for a changing world. With strong roots anchored in Europe’s banking history, BNP Paribas supports its clients and employees in today’s changing world and has positioned itself as a leading bank in the Eurozone and a prominent international banking institution."
Steel Strips Whe...,3.8,(792 Reviews),Public,"Chandigarh,Chandigarh + 26 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Steel Strips Wheels Ltd is a leading Wheel Manufacturing industry having plants all over the India. We Design & manufacture automotive steel wheels & alloy wheels and is among the leading supplier to Indian & Global Automobile Manufacturers. Our product range comprises Steel wheels for Two and Three Wheelers, Passenger cars, Multi utility vehicles, Tractors, Trucks & OTR Vehicles.We at SSWL have five production facilities: We produce mainly passenger car wheels in Dappar (Punjab) and Oragadam (Chennai) and truck wheels in Jamshedpur (Jharkhand), Alloy Wheels in Mehsana (Gujrat) & Sraikela ( Jharkhand ) . Our total capacity amounts to 9 million wheels in Dappar, 6 million wheels in Oragadam and 2 million truck wheels in Jamshedpur, 2 million Alloy Wheels in Mehsana amounting to a total capacity of 19 million wheels/Annum.The State of Art facilities of SSWL caters to widest range of Domestic & Global Automobile customers’ demands with highest quality standards benchmarksOur Head Office is based out of Chandigarh ( Punjab ) The company has strategic partnership with Indian giant Tata Steel along with international players such as Kalink from South Korea, Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corporation, Japan and GS Global Corporation, South Korea. SSWL also has more than 20 years of technical collaboration with Ring Techs Co Ltd, Japan.The State of Art facilities of SSWL cater to widest range of Domestic & Global Automobile customers demands with highest quality standards benchmarks"
Sanofi,4.4,(993 Reviews),Public,Paris + 61 more,19 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Sanofi is a global life sciences company committed to improving access to healthcare and supporting the people we serve throughout the continuum of care. From prevention to treatment, Sanofi transforms scientific innovation into healthcare solutions, in human vaccines, rare diseases, multiple sclerosis, oncology, immunology, infectious diseases, diabetes and cardiovascular solutions and consumer healthcare. More than 110,000 people at Sanofi are dedicated to make a difference on patients’ daily life, wherever they live and enable them to enjoy a healthier life."
Compass Group S...,4.0,(849 Reviews),Public,"Chertsey,Surrey + 54 more",82 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Compass Group is a London headquartered FTSE 20 organisation with global revenue of £25.15 billion. It is the world’s leading provider of contract food and support services with presence in 45 countries. Compass is also the world’s 9th largest employer and features in 'Fortune 2016 Change the World'​ list of 50 companies. More than 96 of the Fortune 100 companies are its clients. Compass’ global reach, product expertise and sector knowledge enables it to offer a holistic experience to customers at the workplace, schools and colleges, hospitals and remote environments, among others.Compass Group India is a 100% owned subsidiary of Compass Group PLC and has been servicing the Indian Corporate, Healthcare and Education market needs since 2008, maintaining world-class standards of delivery across India. It covers some of the most prestigious projects in India, serve more than 40 million meals per year and manage over 170 million sq. ft. of high-end buildings. Compass Group India operates in 450 + client locations across India. It’s endeavour is to make workplaces come alive, every day!"
AGS Transact Tec...,3.5,(789 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 87 more,21 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We are one of India’s leading providers of end-to-end cash and digital payment solutions and automation technology. We provide customised products and services comprising ATM outsourcing services and cash management solutions, as well as digital payment solutions including merchant solutions, transaction processing services and mobile wallets. As of March 31, 2018, we were the second largest company in India in terms of number of ATMs managed, revenue from ATM managed services and number of ATMs provided with cash management services, and the fourth largest company in India in terms of revenue from cash management. 

For the financial year 2019, we derived 96.1% of our revenues from India where our business started, although we have expanded internationally to offer payment and automation solutions to banks and financial institutions in other Asian countries such as Sri Lanka, Singapore, Cambodia, and Philippines."
Heritage Foods ...,4.0,(789 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 72 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Heritage Foods Limited was founded by Mr. Nara Chandrababu Naidu in the year 1992, which is one of the fastest growing Public Listed Companies in India, with two business divisions - Dairy and Renewable Energy. The annual turnover of Heritage Foods crossed INR 2482 crores in the financial year 2018-19.

Currently, Heritage's milk and milk products have a market presence in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Maharastra, Odisha, NCR Delhi, Haryana, Rajasthan, Punjab, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh & Madhya Pradesh.

In the year 1994, HFL went public and was oversubscribed 54 times. HFL shares are listed on BSE (Stock Code: 519552) and NSE (Stock Code: HERITGFOOD)."
Adani Ports and ...,3.9,(789 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 47 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone Limited (APSEZ) is the largest commercial ports operator in India accounting for nearly one-fourth of the cargo movement in the country. Its presence across 10 domestic ports in six maritime states of Gujarat, Goa, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Odisha presents the most widespread national footprint with deepened hinterland connectivity. The port facilities are equipped with the latest cargo-handling infrastructure which is not only best-in-class, but also capable of handling the largest vessels calling at Indian shores. Our ports are equipped to handle diverse cargos, from dry cargo, liquid cargo, crude to containers.

Through its subsidiary Adani Logistics Ltd., APSEZ operates three logistics parks located at Patli in Haryana, Kila-Raipur in Punjab and Kishangarh in Rajasthan. With the ability to handle 500,000 twenty foot equivalent units (TEUs) annually, the Adani logistics business is growing at a rapid pace.

Over the years, APSEZ has evolved into a provider of integrated port infrastructure services, of which the Mundra SEZ in Gujarat is a landmark validation. Spanning over 8,000 hectares, the Mundra Economic Hub offers investment options as the largest multi-product SEZ, Free Trade and Warehousing Zone (FTWZ) and Domestic Industrial Zone.

The Company’s integrated services across three verticals, i.e. Ports, Logistics and SEZ, has enabled it to forge alliances with leading Indian businesses making APSEZ an undisputed leader in the Indian port sector.

Along with its expertise in providing end-to-end logistics solutions, operational excellence, low-cost operations and synergies through acquisitions, the Company is backed by a young and dynamic workforce that propels it to greater heights."
GlaxoSmithKline ...,4.3,(1.4k Reviews),Brentford + 106 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals (GSK India) is the top of the pill heap. India's leading pharmaceutical manufacturer, the company makes pharmaceuticals and consumer health care products through its two manufacturing facilities in Nashik and Thane; it also has a clinical development center in Bangalore. Its products include those targeting problems with infections, gynecology, dermatology, diabetes, and the cardiovascular system. Top sellers are Augmentin, Zinetac, Calpol, Phexin, and Betnesol. GSK India also makes vaccines to treat or prevent hepatitis A and B, the flu, chickenpox, and tetanus. Its distribution network stretches throughout the country. UK-based drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline owns GSK India."
Ashoka Buildcon,4.1,(786 Reviews),Public,"Nasik/Nashik,Maharashtra + 103 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ashoka Buildcon Ltd. is one of the leading highway developers in India. The Company is an integrated EPC and BOT player. It has a portfolio of 36 PPP projects, which is the largest in number by any private player in India. Besides construction of highways and bridges the company is also engaged in Power Transmission and Distribution on EPC basis. Ashoka has worked in over 20 states across the country, and completed prestigious projects for Central as well as State Governments. Overseas it is constructing road network for Housing Development Corporation in the Republic of Maldives. The company is one of the first Indian infrastructure companies to be certified for Integrated Management Systems, which encompasses ISO certification for Quality, Occupational Health and Safety and Environment. Ashoka Buildcon is strengthened with a strong talent pool of technical as well as support staff. It’s strong financials give it the ability to bid and execute large scale projects. Ashoka Buildcon Ltd. is listed on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE)."
Gannon Dunkerley,3.9,(785 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 54 more",99 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Gannon Dunkerley & Company initially incorporated as a Private Ltd Company in 1924 was converted to Public Ltd. Company in 1948, after taking over by Indian Management.Gannon carved out its name in the Civil Construction, after diversification and gradually made its presence felt in all major sectors of construction, both Industrial and Infrastructure, throughout the country.GDCL developed confidence with successful completion of several major Civil Construction projects."
Hero Motors Comp...,4.2,(4.3k Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 167 more,25 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Empowered by strategic corporate policy and business acumen of the founders, Hero Motors has grown at an accelerated pace and marked its remarkable presence with a diverse product portfolio.
Hero Motors is equipped with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. All the units are located at strategic locations for the unique advantages that each place offers.
A workforce of dedicated professionals is efficiently operating and managing the facilities and leading the organization towards the pinnacle of achievements.
The expertise of Hero Motors is powered by innovations. Making use of the latest technology, experienced professionals develop unique products that create great demands in the market.
It’s the endeavour of Hero Motors to innovate the best that will facilitate its clients to get the most sophisticated products at the most reasonable cost."
Manipal Hospita...,4.2,(783 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 36 more",70 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Manipal Hospitals is one of India's foremost multi-specialty healthcare providers catering to both Indian and international patients. We are a part of the Manipal Education and Medical Group (MEMG), a leader in the areas of education and healthcare. With more than 5000 operational beds, our commitment to the overall well-being of an individual is at the core of everything we do. Through our network of hospitals and experienced team of medical professionals, we provide quality and affordable healthcare to everyone."
NSE.IT,3.7,(783 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 129 more",24 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"NSEIT is a global technology firm with a focus on the financial services industry. We are a vertical specialist organization with domain expertise and technology focus aligned to the needs of financial institutions. We offer Application Services, IT Enabled Services (Assessments), Testing Center of Excellence, Infrastructure Services, Integrated Security Response Center and Analytics as a Service primarily for the BFSI segment."
Nuvoco Vistas,4.2,(1.1k Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 104 more,24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Nuvoco Vistas Corp. Ltd. has been a part of the Indian construction landscape since 1999; through its cement business. We currently have six cement and close to sixty five ready mix concrete plants in India. We have an established presence across all major cities and towns in India. Our operations across two business divisions are:

- Cements

- Ready Mix Concrete (RMX) & Aggregates

- Value added Products"
FDC,4.0,(781 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 76 more",83 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""A journey of a million miles begins with a small step."" A young visionary, Anand Chandavarkar, in the backdrop of India's independence struggle, dreamed of building a world class company in 1936. His vision of freedom was to create, to build, and to industrialize, in order to make the nation self-reliant in healthcare. In 1940, this partnership firm was incorporated as a private limited company - Fairdeal Corporation (Private) Limited and in 1986 its name was changed to FDC Private Limited. Thereafter, FDC became a public limited company, and was listed on the Bombay and National Stock Exchanges of India in 1996.Today, FDC carries forward the flaming spirit of its first dream, achieving accreditations from the US-FDA, UK-MHRA, MCC-RSA, and the UAE, to cite a few. FDC is a forerunner in manufacturing and marketing of Oral Rehydration Salts (ORS) and Ophthalmics. FDC has also set-up globally approved, multi-location manufacturing facilities for Active Pharmaceuticals Ingredients (APIs) as well as Finished Dosage Forms. These facilities are located at Roha, Waluj and Sinnar in Maharashtra, Verna in Goa and Baddi in Himachal Pradesh. FDC markets more than 300 products in India and exports many of these to over 50 countries.FDC strives to explore, innovate and integrate solutions with modern technology, empowering talent and expanding healthcare horizons for a better quality of life to millions globally."
Granules India,4.0,(781 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 10 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Granules India Ltd. is a fully integrated pharmaceutical manufacturer. The Company manufactures Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), Pharmaceutical Formulation Intermediates (PFIs) and Finished Dosages (FDs) which are distributed in over 55 countries."
Broadridge Finan...,4.0,(779 Reviews),Private,"New York City,New York + 7 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Broadridge began as the brokerage services division of ADP in 1962. Since becoming independent in 2007, we have grown into a global Fintech company with over $4 billion in revenues and are recognized as an invaluable partner for the world’s leading companies and financial institutions. 

We drive business transformation for our clients with solutions for enriching client engagement, navigating risk, optimizing efficiency, and generating revenue growth. We handle millions of trades a day involving trillions of dollars, support communications that reach 75% of North American households, and manage shareholder voting in 90 countries."
Vertex Customer ...,3.6,(777 Reviews),Private,Panchkula + 29 more,13 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Altruist India is a leading integrated end- to end solution providers across Business Process Outsourcing, Customer Management Outsourcing and IT Services, serving host of clients across many sectors.

Our over 10,000 professionals specialize in unlocking value by providing excellent service to our client's customers, while delivering desired business outcomes. By building ""same side of the table"" relationships, we provide powerful insights and deliver solutions that improve customer experience, reduce cost-to-serve and increase profitability."
SYSKA LED Lights,3.5,(777 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 121 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"As a pioneer in LED revolution in India, we at SYSKA were always keen to create a channel exclusive for our LED products. This wish is now a reality. We have created a dedicated spaces where our entire LED range including popular bestsellers, specialty products and recent innovations will be displayed in all glory. Let us join together to experience the future of light"
SKF,4.0,(775 Reviews),Public,Gothenburg + 48 more,100 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"There’s a lot we all take for granted. We’re counting on trams, subway trains and buses to take us through our cities safely and sustainably. We trust water treatment facilities to supply us with fresh water, and the food industry to safeguard us from allergens and bacteria. We expect wind farms to keep our lights on, and cars to be electric. There are a million other every day needs to satisfy – and a planet to take care of. 

In a world shaped by population growth, urbanization, digitalization and environmental concerns, industrial reality is the true challenge. And that’s exactly where we at SKF want to be. Right at the centre, providing reliable performance for the real world."
United Alliance ...,4.9,(775 Reviews),Pune + 8 more,11-50 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Best Sellers,4.3,(774 Reviews),Private,Brande + 69 more,48 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"BESTSELLER is an international, family-owned fashion company with a strong foundation. With a range of more than 20 individual fashion brands, BESTSELLER provides fashion clothing and accessories for women, men, teenagers and children."
DENSO,4.1,(910 Reviews),Public,"Kariya,Aichi + 33 more",76 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"DENSO is one of the world's largest automotive suppliers of technology and components found in almost all vehicles around the globe – Toyota, Honda, FCA, General Motors, Ford, Volvo Mercedes-Benz, to name a few. Our 24,000+ North American associates – brilliant engineers, ambitious researchers, skilled craftspeople, dedicated professionals – work across global offices and plants to innovate and advance the future of Connected Cars, Automated Drive, Shared Mobility and Electrification. From our extraordinary products to the unique manufacturing processes we use to create them, DENSO is building a mobility future that enables freedom of movement for people and things, eliminates accidents, revitalizes the environment and enriches society. DENSO’s success is determined by the skills and dedication of our employees. We are committed to a culture where every employee’s diverse talents, skills and perspectives enable us to improve lives and preserve the planet. Whether your passion lies in research, sales or manufacturing, the innovations we create together are at the core of vehicles, protect the people in and around those vehicles and ultimately contribute to a better world. Join us, and craft not only how the world moves, but also your career. Apply today at www.DENSOcareers.com! #CraftYourCareer Please be advised: There are a number of scams trying to take advantage of job seekers. Scammers may try to collect confidential information to use for identity theft or try to get money from job seekers as part of the recruiting process."
Synchrony,4.4,(773 Reviews),Private,Stamford + 5 more,20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Synchrony (NYSE: SYF) is a premier consumer financial services company delivering customized financing programs across key industries including retail, health, auto, travel and home, along with award-winning consumer banking products. With more than $140 billion in sales financed and 80.3 million active accounts, Synchrony brings deep industry expertise, actionable data insights, innovative solutions and differentiated digital experiences to improve the success of every business we serve and the quality of each life we touch. More information can be found at www.synchrony.com and through Twitter: @Synchrony.

We’ve built relationships with national and regional retailers, healthcare providers, manufacturers and more. We serve hundreds of thousands of partner locations across the U.S. and Canada, and each one is important to us.

Our financial expertise spans key product areas, including apparel, electronics and appliances, home furnishings, automotive, power products and sports, jewelry and luxury, other retail, elective healthcare procedures and services, and more.

Our investments in technology across multiple platforms—in-store, online and mobile—allow us to engage consumers when and where they want. Our programs and tools strengthen the relationship between our business partners and their customers, driving growth and opportunity across the board."
DISH TV,3.8,(1.7k Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 121 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Redefining the meaning of television for its customers with its exceptional digital quality, DishTV has revolutionised the digital entertainment in India. With its digital transmission, DishTV has given its customers a giant leap from the analogue quality cable transmission towards qualitative, refined and defined television entertainment and enjoyment."
ITD Cementation ...,4.2,(771 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 51 more",92 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"This Company established its operations in India in 1931 as a branch of The Cementation Company Ltd,UK, a member of Trafalgar House Group of London, for carrying out extensive grouting and drilling works to the hydraulic structures which were then growing at rapid pace. Since then the Company has been assiduously working towards building stronger India and has gained vast expertise in field of infrastructure construction.

In the year 2004 Italian-Thai Development Public Company Limited, Thailand entered into Share Purchase and Sale Agreement with The Cementation Company Limited and Skanska AB. Thereupon the Company changed its name to ITD Cementation India Limited and obtained Fresh Certificate of Incorporation on 26th May, 2005, As one of the largest Civil Engineering Contractors in South East Asia, The Strong Parentage has furthered the Company’s Momentum in acquiring large infrastructure Construction projects across India."
Indoco Remedies,3.7,(771 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 48 more",76 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Indoco Remedies Ltd., is a fully integrated, research-oriented pharma company engaged in the manufacturing and marketing of Formulations (Finished Dosage Forms) and Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs). We have seven decades of presence in the Indian Pharma market and a strong foothold in the international market across 55 countries. Indoco, a USD 140 million company, employs around 6000 personnel, including over 300 skilled scientists.

We have 9 manufacturing facilities, out of which, 6 are for finished dosages and 3 for APIs, supported by a state-of-the-art R&D centre at Rabale, Navi Mumbai and a Clinical Research Organisation at Hyderabad. Our manufacturing facilities are of highest regulatory standards, complying with WHO-cGMP guidelines and have been approved by various regulatory authorities such as, USFDA, UK-MHRA, SUKL-Czech Republic, Cofepris – Mexico, TGA-Australia, JAZMP- Slovenia, MCC-South Africa, NDA-Uganda, TFDA-Tanzania, SBD-Yemen, MOH-Ukraine, PPB-Kenya and FDA-Ghana.

Indoco has strengthened its wings in the international markets and offers complete solutions, including product development, manufacture and supply of Finished Dosages, APIs and Intermediates to generic companies worldwide. We have a large basket of products backed by ANDAs / eCTD Dossiers and Drug Master Files (DMFs).

Expertise in Research & Development, backward integration in API in select products, own CRO set-up, excellence in Finished Dosages manufacturing and a strong customer base will ensure consistent growth in the Company’s Domestic, as well as International business."
Tata Capital,4.2,(1.9k Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 131 more",16 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"Tata Capital Limited (""TCL""), the flagship financial services company of the Tata Group, is a subsidiary of Tata Sons Private Limited and is registered with the Reserve Bank of India as a Systemically Important Non-Deposit Accepting Core Investment Company (""CIC"").
Tata Capital and its subsidiaries are engaged in providing/supplying a wide array of services/products in the financial services sector and operates across various areas of business: Commercial Finance, Consumer Loans, Wealth Services and distribution and marketing of Tata Cards."
Godrej Group,3.9,(5.2k Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 96 more,126 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Established in 1897, the Godrej Group has its roots in India's Independence and Swadeshi movement. Our founder, Ardeshir Godrej, lawyer-turned-serial entrepreneur failed with a few ventures, before he struck gold with a locks business.

Today, we enjoy the patronage of 1.1 billion consumers globally across consumer goods, real estate, appliances, agriculture and many other businesses. In fact, our geographical footprint extends beyond Earth, with our engines now powering many of India's space missions.With a revenue of over USD 4.1 billion we are growing fast, and have exciting, ambitious aspirations. Our Vision for 2020 is to be 10 times the size we were in 2010.But for us, it is most important that besides our strong financial performance and innovative, much-loved products, we remain a good company. Approximately 23 per cent of the promoter holding in the Godrej Group is held in trusts that invest in the environment, health and education. We are also bringing together our passion and purpose to make a difference through our Good & Green strategy of 'shared value' to create a more inclusive and greener India."
Mondelez Interna...,4.5,(1k Reviews),Private,"Greater Chicago Area,IL + 109 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mondelēz International, Inc. (NASDAQ: MDLZ) is an American multinational confectionery, food, and beverage company based in Illinois which employs approximately 80,000 individuals around the world.

Our Purpose
Our purpose is to empower people to snack right. We will lead the future of snacking around the world by offering the right snack, for the right moment, made the right way.

Our Brands
We’re leading the future of snacking with iconic brands such as Oreo, belVita and LU biscuits; Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka and Toblerone chocolate; Sour Patch Kids candy and Trident gum."
Iffco Tokio Gene...,4.1,(767 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 182 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IFFCO-Tokio General Insurance Company Limited was incorporated in 2000, as a joint venture between the Indian Farmers Fertiliser Co-operative Limited (IFFCO), which is the world’s largest fertilizer manufacturer, and Tokio Marine Group, which is one of the largest insurance groups in Japan. IFFCO holds 51 percent in the company and the remaining 49 percent is held by Tokio Marine Group.

The company offers a comprehensive product bouquet of all lines of business such as Car Insurance, Two-wheeler Insurance, Health Insurance, Travel Insurance and Home Insurance, including corporate policies such as property insurance and liability insurance. It is also the first company in India to underwrite mega policies. The comprehensive policy is based on international rates and optimizes the premium outflow for clients even as it offers a one-stop, all-risk cover. Other than the conventional products, it also offers niche products such as Cyber Insurance, Credit Insurance, Fine Arts Insurance, P & I Insurance, Errors & Omission Policy for the IT Sector, etc. At the same time, it has steadfastly carried out its rural centric initiatives by launching products like Sankat Haran Bima Yojana, Mahila Suraksha Bima Yojana and Janata Bima Yojana for the masses.

IFFCO-Tokio has a wide presence in rural areas and Tier 2, 3 and 4 towns, too. It is the first private insurer to establish Bima Kendras, which are single-person operated centers, to increase insurance penetration in rural areas at the customer’s doorstep."
JW Marriott,4.3,(767 Reviews),Private,"Bethesda,Maryland + 34 more",96 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"JW Marriott is part of Marriott International’s luxury portfolio and consists of beautiful properties in gateway cities and distinctive resort locations in 28 countries around the world. These elegant hotels cater to today’s sophisticated, self-assured travelers, offering them the quiet luxury they seek in a warmly authentic, relaxed atmosphere lacking in pretense. JW Marriott properties artfully provide highly crafted, anticipatory experiences that are reflective of their locale so that their guests have the time to focus on what is most important to them."
Unichem Laborato...,4.0,(767 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 60 more",79 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Promoted by the late Mr. Amrut Mody, a pioneer of the Indian pharmaceuticals business, Unichem Laboratories has grown to become one of India's most respected pharmaceutical companies. It is committed to deliver better health through superior products. By combining strategic research and in-depth industry knowledge, Unichem aims to transform itself into a global pharmaceutical drug Company with an increasing focus on cutting-edge research and developed markets.

With formulations constituting the core of the company’s business, Unichem is backward integrated to API Manufacturing, which adds value to the customer in terms of quality and sustainability.

Inspired by an ambition to drive path-breaking innovative research, Unichem aims to enhance people’s health by consistently providing better, more effective and safer products."""
Asahi India Glas...,3.9,(767 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 48 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Asahi India Glass Ltd. (AIS) is India's leading integrated glass solutions company and a dominant player both in the automotive and architectural glass segments. It commands over 70% market share in the Indian passenger car glass market. Established in 1984, AIS' footprint today spans the entire spectrum of the automotive and architectural glass value chains. AIS provides end to end solutions right from manufacturing of glass, processing, fabrication and installation services. We cater to customers in domestic and international markets. It is a sand-to-solutions organization offering varied types of glass products & services for institutional buyers as well as retail customers, including:"
Fidelity Nationa...,4.0,(4k Reviews),Private,"Jacksonville,Florida + 6 more",176 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"FNF is a leading provider of title insurance and transaction services to the real estate and mortgage industries. FNF is the nation's largest title insurance company through its title insurance underwriters - Fidelity National Title, Chicago Title, Commonwealth Land Title, Alamo Title and National Title of New York - that collectively issue more title insurance policies than any other title company in the United States."
Aye Finance,4.3,(762 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 192 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The summer that year was unusually hot. When the small team of founder members got together, there was something burning in all of us. All of us had spent long years with some of the finest financial organizations around the world. But we needed something more. We needed something meaningful.

There was a Government of India report that talked about Rs 25 lakh crore credit deficit in MSME industry. Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises were 6 crores in number and employed 11 crore people. The micro segment among these was the most disadvantaged when it came to access to formal credit. It was clear to us that India’s growth will not be complete without the advancement of this sector.

By mid-year, we knew what we wanted to do. Indian monsoons were lashing the plains in North India. Dusty plains suddenly became covered with verdant green shoots. Our dream was slowly taking shape – exhilarating just like the petrichor.

Our business plan was far from complete, but our vision was clear – We wanted to be the most admired among finance businesses catering to micro businesses in India. Our core values, that we continue to abide by, followed soon after – Innovation, Trustworthiness, Being the best, Social Good and Customer Commitment.

Thus, Aye was born. Aye means ‘Yes’ in English and ‘Money’ in Hindi. Apt for what we wanted to do – say yes to the aspirations of micro enterprises by providing them with capital.

As we started work, enthusiasm in the team was contagious. We knew we had mountains to move but that did not deter anyone. The initial capital for the company came from friends and angel investors. By end of 2013 we bought an NBFC so that we could start lending. But we had another challenge to surmount. It was not easy to assess the businesses we wanted to lend to. They were neither on credit bureaus nor did have any formal financial documents. Innovation was not an option, but a necessity.

While we look back at our journey with pride, we remain humble and grateful. We know that our journey is far from over. We would like to remain a small company at heart. Eager, ever learning, close to our customers, nimble and relevant. We would like to be known not just for what we achieve, but for how we achieve it too.  We will not lose sight of what we set out to be – the most admired micro enterprise lender. Aye to that."
MiraMed Ajuba,4.1,(761 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 6 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MiraMed Ajuba was started to help our clients do business better by applying our domain expertise with the vision to exceed expectations in delivery. We are a pioneer and have been instrumental in bringing Business Process Outsourcing to Chennai. We are well positioned and equipped to partner with healthcare organizations with constant reengineering and being responsive to changing client needs. We have set benchmarks for process standardization and have been the face of the Healthcare Business Process Outsourcing Industry in the city.

From humble beginnings, MiraMed Ajuba is today an employer brand with over 3600 employees and steadily growing with every passing day. The phenomenal growth of MiraMed Ajuba can be attributed to the opportunities that the organization presents not just to its employees but to all its stakeholders. With the company, all associated have also grown. Since its inception, through its functioning, MiraMed Ajuba has proved that it is in the direction of the future that it heads in. A strong foundation of continual innovation and the courage to implement revolutionary ideas fueled by the best minds in the industry has been the underlying driving force of this organization."
Google,4.3,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Mountain View,California + 64 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

Since our founding in 1998, Google has grown by leaps and bounds. From offering search in a single language we now offer dozens of products and services—including various forms of advertising and web applications for all kinds of tasks—in scores of languages. And starting from two computer science students in a university dorm room, we now have thousands of employees and offices around the world. A lot has changed since the first Google search engine appeared. But some things haven’t changed: our dedication to our users and our belief in the possibilities of the Internet itself."
Bajaj Capital,3.8,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 121 more",59 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Being one of India’s premier investment companies, we found our purpose in helping people protect and grow their wealth. Here at Bajaj Capital Limited, we offer personalized investment solutions to individual investors, Non-Resident Indians (NRIs), and High Networth clients, among others.

Over the last 53 years, we have secured more futures and helped create more millionaires than any other firm in India. But our true pride lies in the trust that our clients show in us. It is our deep personal relationship with each client that sets us apart."
Bisleri,4.2,(756 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 105 more",58 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bisleri is a brand of bottled water in India. Bisleri has 60% market share in packaged drinking water in India. Bisleri was originally an Italian company created by Felice Bisleri, who first brought the idea of selling bottled water in India. Bisleri then was introduced in Mumbai in glass bottles in two varieties – bubbly & still in 1965. Parle bought over Bisleri (India) Ltd. in 1969 and started bottling water in glass bottles under the brand name ‘Bisleri’. Later Parle switched over to PVC non-returnable bottles & finally advanced to PET containers. In 1995 Ramesh J. Chauhan started expanding Bisleri operations. In 2003 Bisleri announced its venture to Europe.

The brand name Bisleri is so popular in India that it is used as generic name for bottled water."
ECIL,4.1,(755 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 34 more",56 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ECIL was setup under the Department of Atomic Energy on 11th April, 1967 with a view to generate a strong indigenous capability in the field of professional grade electronics. The initial accent was on total self-reliance and ECIL was engaged in the Design, Development, Manufacture and Marketing of several products with emphasis on three technology lines viz. Computers, Control Systems and Communications. Over the years, ECIL pioneered the development of various complex electronics products without any external technological help and scored several 'firsts' in these fields prominent among them being country'"
BVG India,3.9,(754 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 73 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Inspired by thoughts of great thinker Swami Vivekananda, a teenage engineering student set out in 1991 to contribute to India’s Progress.

In 1993, he started a non-profit Bharat Vikas Pratishthan to funds of poor & needy students, having been through financial struggles himself. His career began with Telco (now Tata Motors) as a graduate trainee engineer in 1995 and his non-profit now started to help rural youth get jobs and livelihood.

Destiny supported the enterprising nature of Mr HR Gaikwad, Chairman and Managing Director, BVG & his burning desire to help India’s Progress led to the birth of BVG (Bharat Vikas Group) in 1997 as a housekeeping company with 8 people & 1 client. Sheer focus on quality of work, and a dedicated team of BVGians has taken BVG India Limited from an 8-member housekeeping company to India’s Largest Integrated services company with 75000+  employees, serving  850+ customers in 70 cities across 22 states in India"
Credit Suisse,3.9,(754 Reviews),Private,Zurich + 6 more,167 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Credit Suisse is a leading global wealth manager with strong investment banking capabilities. Our operation has a global reach and extends to about 50 countries worldwide across mature and emerging markets with more than 45,000 employees from over 150 different nations.

We partner across countries, divisions and regions to deliver holistic financial solutions to our clients, including innovative products and specially tailored advice, aligned to our high ethical standards. We strive for quality and excellence in our work and professional relationships, recognizing and rewarding extraordinary performance among our employees and providing opportunities for internal mobility, dedicated training and leadership. 

As a global and inclusive community, we benefit from a diverse range of perspectives to create value and drive results for our clients, shareholders and communities."
Zf Rane Automoti...,4.0,(753 Reviews),Chennai + 37 more,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Petrofac,4.3,(1.6k Reviews),Private,Sharjah + 30 more,42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a leading international service provider to the energy industry, with a diverse client portfolio including many of the world's leading energy companies. Petrofac designs build, manages, and maintains oil, gas, refining, petrochemicals, and renewable energy infrastructure. 

Our purpose is to enable our clients to meet the world's evolving energy needs. Our four values-driven, agile, respectful, and open - are at the heart of everything we do. 

Petrofac's core markets are in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region and the UK North Sea, where we have built a long and successful track record of safe, reliable, and innovative execution, underpinned by a cost-effective and local delivery model with a strong focus on in-country value. We operate in several other significant markets, including India, South East Asia, and the United States. We have 8,200 employees based across 31 offices globally.


Petrofac is quoted on the London Stock Exchange (symbol: PFC)."
Cargill,4.3,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Wayzata,Minnesota + 78 more",158 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Our team of 160,000 professionals in 70 countries draws together the worlds of food, agriculture, nutrition and risk management. For more than 150 years, we have helped farmers grow more, connecting them to broader markets. We are continuously developing products that give consumers just what they’re seeking, advancing nutrition, food safety and sustainability. And we help all of our partners innovate and manage risk, so they can nourish the world again tomorrow. We combine 153 years of experience with new technologies and insights to serve as a trusted partner for food, agriculture, financial and industrial customers in more than 125 countries. Side-by-side, we are building a stronger, sustainable future for agriculture."
Volkswagen,4.2,(1.6k Reviews),Private,Berlin + 87 more,86 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Headquartered in Pune, Maharashtra, the Volkswagen Group in India is represented by five brands: SKODA, Volkswagen, Audi, Porsche, and Lamborghini. 

The Indian journey began with the launch of SKODA in 2001. Audi and Volkswagen entered in 2007, while Lamborghini and Porsche were introduced in 2012. Today, the Group upholds its mantle of superior engineering, with plants in Pune and Aurangabad working seamlessly to manufacture the world's most loved cars.

From low-consumption small cars to luxury-class vehicles, each car is convincingly worthy of its place on the road. 

This benchmark, which is truly the gold standard, has helmed the group in its operations across 100 production plants around the world. More than 500,000 employees are involved in vehicle-manufacturing services and their related processes. Together, they produce about 30,000 vehicles each working day."
Sahara India Par...,3.8,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Lucknow,Uttar Pradesh + 199 more",45 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We, Sahara India Pariwar & World's Largest Family, are a major business conglomerate in India, with operations in multiple sectors, including Financial Services & Life Insurance, Mutual Funds, Housing Finance, Infrastructure & Housing, Print and Television News Media, Entertainment Channels, Cinema Production, Healthcare, Hospitality, Manufacturing, Sports and Information Technology. In today's era of uncertain business environment we are embarking upon a journey for a better tomorrow. We intend to continue in building diversified business interests in new ventures such as Retail, Education, Dairy, Poultry, Allied Agriculture, Leisure and Hospitality, Food Factory."
Tikona Infinet,3.8,(743 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 41 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tikona Infinet Private Limited engaged in building the next generation wireless broadband services for home and enterprise customers in India.
Tikona Infinet Private Limited( TIPL), an all India Unified License (ISP, Category-A) holder, granted by the Dept. of Telecommunications, Ministry of Communications, Govt. of India, offers secured wireless broadband services to home and enterprise customers in India’s top 25 cities.

The company envisions a powerful Broadband-enabled India and strive to make all possible contribution to make this happen.

By engaging with the best-in-class technology partners, the company would be building a comprehensive services framework that can deliver leading edge voice, video, IT applications and multimedia content services over any broadband or IP-centric network. Such a framework is targeted towards global internet service providers, who desire to offer next generation services to customers.

Innovation is Tikona’s driving force and that’s why the company aims to create an environment for the young talent to conceive and incubate fresh ideas to develop and deliver useful services & solutions; thereby sustaining competitive advantages.

Established in mid-2008 by veterans from the telecom industry, Tikona have built some of the largest networks in India for mobile, enterprise, broadband and DTH services. It is adequately funded by top-end global investors and is committed to comply with the highest standards of corporate governance."
Evalueserve,3.7,(743 Reviews),Private,"Schaffhausen,Schaffhausen + 7 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Evalueserve is a leading analytics partner powered by mind+machine™, that helps clients get the most out of their core processes.Our global team of 3,500 experts is dedicated to helping our clients and partners meet their goals. We’ve successfully applied our mind+machine™ approach to the management and transformation of business processes across all functions. With over 500 satisfied clients, we’re confident we can address your needs too."
Johnson Lifts,4.1,(743 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 56 more",42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Over five decades ago, an Indian elevator company was born with a dream that India could take on the best in the world. Since then, it’s been a steady climb to greater and greater heights. Today, in vertical transportation, our market-share is an industry-leading 20%. We are an ISO 9001 company with several prestigious quality awards. We received the IMC Ramakrishna Bajaj National Quality Award 2009 for manufacturing excellence."
Annapurna Financ...,4.2,(742 Reviews),Private,"Bhubaneswar,Odisha + 192 more",14 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Annapurna Finance Pvt. Ltd (AFPL) was established in 2009, and is now one of the top ten NBFC-MFIs in the country. It has its roots as a part of not-for-profit entity, Peoples Forum, an NGO which worked for the development and welfare of unserved sections of the society. The microfinance activities started with the inception of Mission Annapurna Finance under Peoples Forum from the year 2005. Mission Annapurna Finance was able to reach the interior unserved areas of Odisha through its untiring effort of addressing the economic necessities of poor women at their doorstep. As the program grew, there was an utter need to transform itself into a more streamlined entity. The gradual transformation of Mission Annapurna Finance brought forth the name Annapurna Finance Pvt Ltd (AMPL) in the year 2009. Thereafter, AMPL registered itself with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) as an NBFC-MFI in the year 2013.Annapurna Finance was established with a purpose of serving the economically backward clients by bringing them to mainstream, providing need based financial services at their doorstep. The focus has been clear, to reach the areas where formal financial institutions find it unprofitable to settle in. Its objectives have not only limited to just reach and serve but also by providing financial and technical support to strengthen entrepreneurial skill for effective and efficient undertaking of business activities.

Annapurna Finance, over the years, has continued to innovate in its products and delivery mechanisms, to make the whole product life cycle of micro-credit as relevant as possible for its clients. The aim is to offer multiple need based products, which can serve specifically all the customer life cycle needs of micro-credit."
Redcliffe Labs,4.7,(742 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 40 more",4 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Redcliffe Labs (unit of US based Redcliffe Lifetech Inc.) is India's fastest growing diagnostics service provider having its home sample collection service in more than 60 cities with 20+ labs across India. Redcliffe Labs has served more than 1 million Indians and is processing 100K+ tests everyday. It aims to make Health tests accessible to all Indians through a perfect fusion of technology and network of world class & state of the art own labs and collection centres. 

Redcliffe Labs provides diagnostics with a comprehensive portfolio approach both with routine and specialised test menu with more than 3500+ tests & advance testing labs all over India. Its digital first approach with on-demand 1 hour home collection and same day report is disrupting the way diagnostics is delivered today. You can reach Redcliffe Labs at care@redcliffelabs.com"
Xiaomi,3.9,(742 Reviews),Private,"Haidian District,Beijing + 143 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Xiaomi Corporation was founded in April 2010 and listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on July 9, 2018 (1810.HK).

Xiaomi is an internet company with smartphones and smart hardware connected by an IoT platform at its core.

With the vision of being friends with its users and being the “coolest company” in the hearts of its users. Xiaomi is committed to continuous innovation, with an unwavering focus on quality and efficiency.

The company relentlessly builds amazing products with honest prices to let everyone in the world enjoy a better life through innovative technology. 

Xiaomi is currently the world's fourth-largest smartphone brand, and has established the world's largest consumer IoT platform, with more than 213.2 million smart devices (excluding smartphones and laptops) connected to its platform.

Currently, Xiaomi products are present in more than 90 countries and regions around the world and have a leading foothold in many markets."
Luminous Power T...,4.3,(741 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 95 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Luminous Power Technologies is the leading power and home electrical specialist in India having a vast portfolio comprising of Power back up solutions such as UPS, Batteries and Solar Applications to Electrical offerings such as Fans, Wires, Switches and LED lighting.
With 7 manufacturing units, more than 28 sales offices in India and presence in over 36 countries, our 6000 employees serve more than 60,000 channel partners and millions of customers. Our motto has always been Customer Delight through Innovation & Passion with the focus on Execution & Team-work. At Luminous, we passionately innovate to make life comfortable and efficient."
GAIL,4.3,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 74 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GAIL (India) Limited is India’s leading natural gas company with diversified interests across the natural gas value chain of trading, transmission, LPG production & transmission, LNG re-gasification, petrochemicals, city gas, E&P, etc. It owns and operates a network of around 13,340 km of natural gas pipelines spread across the length and breadth of country. It is also working concurrently on execution of multiple pipeline projects to further enhance the spread. GAIL commands ~70% market share in gas transmission and has a Gas trading share of over ~ 50% in India. GAIL and its Subsidiaries / JVs also have a formidable market share in City Gas Distribution . In the Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) market, GAIL has significantly large portfolio. GAIL is also expanding its presence in renewable energy like Solar, Wind and Biofuel."
Devyani Internat...,3.7,(738 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 68 more",32 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Devyani International Limited (An associate company of RJ Corp- largest bottler for Pepsico- with interests in Beverages/Food/ Beer/Milk/ Ice-cream/ Stem-cell/ Real Estate/ Education) is the fastest growing, customer centric, profitable player in the Indian retail F&B sector, with presence in different space zones cutting across Indian subcontinent, Nepal and Nigeria. Devyani International Limited currently has a visibility of 500+ outlets of Pizza Hut, KFC, Costa, Vaango and many other brands. 

Devyani International Limited is the largest franchisee for Pizza Hut, KFC AND Costa Coffee in India. With this distinguished track record and expertise in the QSR segment, Devyani International Limited has launched its own brand Vaango – a world class south Indian QSR chain and plans to take it across India. Vaango offers authentic South Indian food in a genX ambience. 

Every operation at Devyani International Limited is governed, regulated and activated by our Mission Statement: ""To be a people centric, customer focused and process driven operations, striving for excellence , day in day out with a beat year ago and turnaround mentality"". .

Devyani International Limited envisions to be the best restaurant company in India for customers and employee alike. Devyani International Limited has a passionate and committed team; and it has strong intentionality and method to realize this vision, for sure. Devyani International Limited leverages some powerful management tools to drive its' operations. Some of these tools and processes include Balance Score Card, Employee P & L, Bench-planning and Voice of Champions.With aggressive growth strategy in place, Devyani International Limited is irrevocably committed to being a ""people centric, customer focused and process driven operations, striving for excellence with a turnaround mentality. Devyani International Limited will continue to vigorously pursue its journey to be the best for customers- both internal and external."
Polycab Wires,4.0,(737 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 71 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Polycab is engaged in the business of manufacturing and selling wires and cables and fast moving electrical goods ‘FMEG’ under the ‘POLYCAB’ brand. Apart from wires and cables, we manufacture and sell FMEG products such as electric fans, LED lighting and luminaires, switches and switchgear, solar products and conduits & accessories. Our promoters collectively have more than four decades of experience among them. Our Company was incorporated as ‘Polycab Wires Private Limited’ on January 10, 1996 at Mumbai as a private limited company under the Companies Act, 1956. We manufacture and sell a diverse range of wires and cables and our key products in the wires and cables segment are power cables, control cables, instrumentation cables, solar cables, building wires, flexible cables, flexible/single multi core cables, communication cables and others including welding cables, submersible flat and round cables, rubber cables, overhead conductors, railway signaling cables, specialty cables and green wires. In 2009, we diversified into the engineering, procurement and construction ‘EPC’ business, which includes the design, engineering, supply, execution and commissioning of power distribution and rural electrification projects. In 2014, we diversified into the FMEG segment and our key FMEG products are switches and switchgear and conduits & accessories."
Altruist Technol...,3.0,(736 Reviews),Private,"Chandigarh,Union Territory Of Chandigarh + 21 more",18 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"As a mobile Value Added Services company, is now the leading provider of Telecom Solutions in 50+ countries to over 100+ Telecom Operators and Enterprises across Asia, Africa, Europe & Middle East. Altruist group is one of the largest and the most successful group with 11 companies and 12,000+ strong team, spread across various countries.

We offer a complete suite of telecom products and services ranging from 500+ Content based Value Added services, Core Telecom products, Revenue Assurance & Fraud Management services to Call Center services and solutions, covering the 360~ of all the telecom needs of Telecom Operators and Enterprises."
Nielsen,4.0,(1.2k Reviews),Private,"New York City,New York + 70 more",100 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Nielsen Holdings plc (NYSE: NLSN) is a global measurement and data analytics company that provides the most complete and trusted view available of consumers and markets worldwide. Nielsen is divided into two business units. Nielsen Global Media, the arbiter of truth for media markets, provides media and advertising industries with unbiased and reliable metrics that create a shared understanding of the industry required for markets to function. Nielsen Global Connect provides consumer packaged goods manufacturers and retailers with accurate, actionable information and insights and a complete picture of the complex and changing marketplace that companies need to innovate and grow."
Photon Interacti...,4.3,(735 Reviews),Private,London + 7 more,24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Photon Infotech Private Limited is an information technology and services company based out of Omr, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India."
Caterpillar Inc,4.3,(929 Reviews),Private,"Deerfield,Illinois + 25 more",98 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Caterpillar is the world’s leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives. We are a leader and proudly have the largest global presence in the industries we serve. Learn more about our Strategy, Governance, History and Brands, as well as the values that guide our conduct.  With 2021 sales and revenues of $51.0 billion.

For nearly 100 years, we’ve been helping customers build a better, more sustainable world and are committed and contributing to a reduced-carbon future. Our innovative products and services, backed by our global dealer network, provide exceptional value that helps customers succeed.

Caterpillar does business on every continent, principally operating through three primary segments – Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy & Transportation – and providing financing and related services through our Financial Products segment."
Vestas,4.2,(729 Reviews),Private,"Aarhus,Central Denmark Region + 33 more",78 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Vestas is the energy industry’s global partner on sustainable energy solutions. We design, manufacture, install, and service wind turbines across the globe, and with more than 108 GW of wind turbines in 80 countries, we have installed more wind power than anyone else.
Through our industry-leading smart data capabilities and unparalleled 90 GW of wind turbines under service, we use data to interpret, forecast, and exploit wind resources and deliver best-in-class wind power solutions. Together with our customers, Vestas’ more than 25,000 employees are bringing the world sustainable energy solutions to power a bright future."
Oil And Natural ...,4.3,(1.8k Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 57 more",67 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Maharatna ONGC is the largest crude oil and natural gas Company in India, contributing around 75 per cent to Indian domestic production. Crude oil is the raw material used by downstream companies like IOC, BPCL, and HPCL (subsidiary of ONGC) to produce petroleum products like Petrol, Diesel, Kerosene, Naphtha, and Cooking Gas-LPG.This largest natural gas company ranks 11th among global energy majors (Platts). It is the only public sector Indian company to feature in Fortune’s ‘Most Admired Energy Companies’ list. ONGC ranks 18th in ‘Oil and Gas operations’ and 220 overall in Forbes Global 2000. Acclaimed for its Corporate Governance practices, Transparency International has ranked ONGC 26th among the biggest publicly traded global giants. It is most valued and largest E&P Company in the world, and one of the highest profit-making and dividend-paying enterprise."
Essar Steel,4.0,(769 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 27 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Essar Steel is a integrated steel producer with an annual capacity of 10 million tonnes with a strong presence in intensive steel consuming markets of Asia and North America. It has operations in two countries
 A 10 MTPA integrated facilities in India
 A 0.4 MTPA downstream complex in Indonesia

Essar Steel India is an integrated steel producer with an annual production capacity of 10 million tonnes. Essar Steel’s manufacturing facility comprises ore beneficiation, pellet making, iron making, steel making, and downstream facilities including cold rolling mill, galvanising, pre-coated facility, steel processing facility, extra wide plate mill and a pipe mill. The steel plant located at Hazira has modern infrastructure like a power plant and a port that can handle 30 million tonne cargo annually.

With a focus on value added products, it produces over 300 grades of steel  conforming to quality standards of international certification agencies like API, ABS,  NACE, Lloyd’s Register to name a few. Essar Steel uses information technology extensively for its operations thereby ensuring consistent quality of its products."
ICICI Home Finan...,3.9,(728 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 147 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ICICI Home Finance Company Limited (ICICI HFC) is a Housing Finance Company regulated by Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ICICI Bank Ltd.A part of the 65-year old ICICI Group, the vision of ICICI Home Finance is to make the dream of owning a new home come true, for millions of Indians. The primary business of the company is to provide a range of home loans and home improvement loans, office premises loans, home equity loans, loan against property to customers and construction finance to developers. It also offers services related to these loans like home and commercial property search in select cities.Taking the vision of the Government’s ‘Housing for All’ initiative, ICICI Home Finance also offers home loans under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana. The company recently introduced a gold loan product in select cities. Fixed Deposit issued by ICICI Housing Finance company is rated FAAA/Stable by CRISIL, MAAA/Stable by ICRA and AAA/Stable by CARE"
iQor Global Serv...,3.8,(728 Reviews),Private,"Saint Petersburg,Florida + 47 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"iQor is a business process outsourcing company that provides customer service, third-party collections, and accounts receivable management. Although its headquarters are located in St. Petersburg, Florida, the company operates about 40 call centers in North America, Europe, and Asia."
Fresenius Kabi,4.1,(726 Reviews),Private,Pune + 51 more,111 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Fresenius ist ein weltweit tätiger Gesundheitskonzern mit Produkten und Dienstleistungen für die Dialyse, das Krankenhaus und die ambulante medizinische Versorgung von Patienten. Zum Fresenius-Konzern gehören vier Unternehmensbereiche, die weltweit eigenverantwortlich wirtschaften und handeln: Fresenius Medical Care, Fresenius Kabi, Fresenius Helios und Fresenius Vamed."
Bharat Sanchar N...,3.9,(726 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 177 more",23 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd. was incorporated on 15th september 2000 . It took over the business of providing of telecom services and network management from the erstwhile Central Government Departments of Telecom Services (DTS) and Telecom Operations (DTO), with effect from 1st October‘ 2000 on going concern basis.It is one of the largest & leading public sector units providing comprehensive range of telecom services in India. 

BSNL has installed Quality Telecom Network in the country & now focusing on improving it, expanding the network, introducing new telecom services with ICT applications in villages & winning customer's confidence."
Ab Inbev,3.9,(726 Reviews),Public,Leuven + 53 more,35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"For centuries, the experience of sharing a beer has brought people together. Even in our hyper-connected, always-on world, this simple act is as meaningful today as it was generations ago.

We are AB InBev, a multinational beverage and brewing company headquartered in Leuven, Belgium. As the world’s largest brewer and one of the largest consumer goods companies in the world, we are committed to driving growth which improves the lives of people across the globe. 

We do this through brands and experiences that bring people together. Through our dedication to brewing the best beer with the best ingredients. And through our commitment to helping farmers, retailers, entrepreneurs and communities grow.

We are building a company to last. Not just for a decade, but for the next 100 years. Through our brands and our investment in communities, we will bring more people together, making our company an integral part of our consumers’ lives for generations to come.

Our diverse portfolio of well over 400 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser, Corona and Stella Artois, International brands Leffe and Hoegaarde and local champions like Haywards and Knockout. Our tradition of brewing the finest beer dates back more than 600 years, spanning continents and generations."
NSH,3.6,(724 Reviews),Private,Al Jubail + 31 more,45 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Nasser S. Al –Hajri Corporation (NSH) established in 1978, has grown, not only as the largest but also as the safest working industrial contractor in the Middle East. Being a 100% Saudi Company, NSH work with all major international clients and the customer profile includes Saudi Aramco, SABIC & its affiliates , Qatar-Gas, Ras-Gas, ADNOC, Sipchem, Shell, Exxon Mobil, Total, Qatar Petroleum, Oryx-GTL, Dolphin Energy, Tasnee, Chemanol etc.. Recently NSH executed 2 major jobs for SABIC, simultaneously and achieved over 90 Million safe man hours. With its main head quarters based in Al - Khobar, Saudi Arabia, NSH has achieved a ""GRADE A ""rating as a general contractor by the Saudi Arabian government."
Shriram Pistons ...,4.2,(724 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 38 more",60 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Shriram Pistons & Rings Ltd. develops and manufactures pistons, pins, piston rings, and engine valves for original equipment manufacturers. Its products are used by passenger vehicle, two wheeler, commercial vehicle/engine, tractor, and industrial engine manufacturers in India, Europe, North America, Asia, Australia, and South Africa. Shriram Pistons & Rings Ltd. was formerly known as Shama Pistons & Rings Ltd. The company was incorporated in 1963 and is based in New Delhi, India with regional sales offices in Bengaluru, Pune, Kolkata, New Delhi, and Jallandhar, India. Shriram Pistons & Rings Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Shriram Automotive Products Ltd"
FirstCry,3.8,(724 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 89 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"FirstCry.com’s online store was launched in December of 2010, with a belief that there should be a single, convenient and comprehensive platform for parents that can help them make well researched and informed choices for products they need for their kid. Within a small span of time FirstCry has grown to a young and dynamic organization of a thousand employees serving more than a Million parents in the country, giving them a choice of more than 100000 products across 1000+ top International and Indian brands like Mattel, Ben10, Pigeon, Funskool, Hotwheels, Nuby, Farlin, Medela, Pampers, Disney, Barbie, Gerber, Fisher Price, Mee Mee and more. FirstCry aims to provide best of the products/brands at the best prices with a great online shopping experience, fast and reliable delivery service and a prompt customer care. FirstCry’s warehouses work round the clock across major cities, and in tandem with FirstCry own logistics arm, XpressBees, ensure prompt order processing, delivery and delight to its customers. Crossing the boundaries of Internet, FirstCry runs 100+ brick and mortar Firstcry stores in cities like Bangalore, Mumbai, Delhi, Karnal, Ahmedabad, Allahabad, Jaipur, Gurgaon, Udaipur, Chennai, Agra, Raichur, Kota and more. A unique hospital contact program helps FirstCry reach out to 70000+ new parents every month."
Burger King,3.9,(723 Reviews),Private,Miami + 56 more,9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Our restaurants are known for serving high-quality, great-tasting, and affordable food. Founded in 1954, BURGER KING® is the second largest fast food hamburger chain in the world with about 18,000 restaurants operating in more than 100 countries and US territories as at June 30, 2019. The original HOME OF THE WHOPPER®, our commitment to ingredients, signature recipes, and end-to-end online Burger King experience for millennials is what has defined our brand for more than 50 years.."
Matrimony.com,4.2,(721 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 37 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Matrimony.com Ltd is India's first pure-play Consumer Internet Company to get listed. Its flagship brand BharatMatrimony is the largest and the Most Trusted Matrimony Brand (as per the Brand Trust Report 2014). Over 4000 associates serve over 3 Million active members.

The company provides both matchmaking and marriage related services through websites, mobile sites, and mobile apps and is also complemented by 140+ company-owned retail outlets. Its flagship matchmaking services are BharatMatrimony, EliteMatrimony, and CommunityMatrimony.

With strong leadership in matchmaking, the company has been expanding into the highly unorganized $55 billion marriage services Industry. The goal is to build a billion-dollar revenue company and a long-lasting institution with a legacy for the generations to come. The offerings in the marriage services business are MatrimonyPhotography, MatrimonyBazaar, and MatrimonyMandaps."
DCM Shriram,4.2,(758 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 63 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"DCM Shriram, a spin-off from trifurcation of the reputed erstwhile DCM Group in 1990, is managed by Mr. Ajay S. Shriram, Chairman & Senior Managing Director , Mr. Vikram S. Shriram, Vice Chairman & Managing Director and Mr Ajit. S. Shriram, Joint Managing Director along with a highly professional executive team.
DCM Shriram has manufacturing facilities of Fertiliser, Chloro Vinyl & Cement in Kota (Rajasthan) and of Chlor- Alkali in Bharuch (Gujrat). The company operates coal-based captive power, facilities - in Kota and Bharuch (Gujarat) rated at 248 MW. The Urea plant in Kota has a Production capacity of 379,000 TPA & Chlor- Alkali capacity of 4,50,000 TPA in both Kota & Bharuch.
DCM Shriram Sugar factories are located in Ajbapur, Rupapur, Hariawan and Loni in Uttar Pradesh, with a combined installed capacity of 38,000 TCD (tonnes crushed of sugarcane daily) and a power- generating capacity of 147 MW. It also has added two Distilleries with a total capacity of 350 KLD Capacity. The Hybrid seed operations- ‘Bioseed’ started in Hyderabad (India) and have a global footprint with presence in South-East Asia with research facilities. Fenesta windows fabrication units are located in Bhiwadi, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Chennai."
Piaggio,3.8,(717 Reviews),Private,Pontedera + 63 more,139 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"What today is one of the leading motor vehicle manufacturers in the world, Piaggio & C. SpA was found in 1884. Currently, Piaggio is the market leader in Europe and has since expanded its services to over 100+ countries with a proficient presence in the Asian market.

The vehicle range includes scooters, mopeds and motorcycles starting from 50 to 1,200cc under the Piaggio, Vespa, Gilera, Aprilia, Moto Guzzi, Derbi and Scarabeo brands. The 3 and 4-wheeled light transportation vehicles are marketed under the Apé, Porter and Quargo brands."
Bajaj Motors,3.8,(716 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 54 more,37 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Located on the Delhi-Jaipur Highway on 39-40 milestone, Bajaj Motors Limited is ISO 9001:2000 certified & recommended for TS-16949, ISO-14001 certifications from TUV GmBH, Germany. Since its inception in 1986, BAJAJ MOTORS has its specialization in Machining for Auto components specifically Precision Engine Components."
Intex Technologi...,3.9,(715 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 67 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Intex Technologies, incorporated in 1996, is one of India’s leading privately held company with strong presence in Consumer Durables, IT and Mobile Accessories. Envisioned 23 years ago by its Chairman & Managing Director Mr. Narendra Bansal, the company was started with a vision to improve the lives of people by giving them easy access to latest technology and smart value products. Intex’s products are today enjoyed by millions of consumers across all sections of society and age groups in urban and rural India."
iSON Xperiences,3.6,(714 Reviews),Private,Lagos + 26 more,12 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"As the business processing outsourcing (BPO) arm of iSON group; one of Africa's largest IT and ITeS (Information Technology enabling Service) companies; iSON BPO services include technical support, customer acquisition, web-based services market research and customer service among others"
Fino Payments Ba...,4.1,(714 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 171 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Fino Payments Bank comes to you from an institution that has served the country’s banking needs for over a decade. We truly value your hard work and understand how important it is to you and your family. It is therefore, our continuous endeavour to provide you with an unmatched banking experience, through our simple products & services that can easily be accessed anytime, anywhere, and in your neighbourhood too.

We are the first payments bank to go live with 410 branches and more than 25,000 banking points on day one. The bank was incorporated on 4th April, 2017 with the name Fino Payments Bank Limited."
Aricent,3.8,(727 Reviews),Private,"Santa Clara,California + 9 more",41 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Altran ranks as the undisputed global leader in Engineering and R&D services (ER&D), following its acquisition of Aricent. The company offers clients an unmatched value proposition to address their transformation and innovation needs. Altran works alongside its clients, from initial concept through industrialization, to invent the products and services of tomorrow.

For over 30 years, the company has provided expertise in aerospace, automotive, defense, energy, finance, life sciences, railway and telecommunications. The Aricent acquisition extends this leadership to semiconductors, digital experience and design innovation. Combined, Altran and Aricent generated revenues of €2.9 billion in 2018, with some 47,000 employees in more than 30 countries."
Spencer's Retail,4.1,(710 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 52 more",160 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Spencer’s Retail Limited, part of RP Sanjiv Goenka Group, is a multi-format retailer providing a wide range of quality products across categories such as food, personal care, fashion, home essentials, electrical and electronics to its key consumers."
Valeo,3.9,(709 Reviews),Private,Paris + 18 more,100 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Valeo is an automotive supplier and partner to automakers worldwide. As a technology company, we design innovative solutions for smart mobility, with a particular focus on intuitive driving and reducing CO2 emissions. The Group also provides and distributes spare parts for automakers and independent aftermarket operators."
Wind World,4.0,(708 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 46 more,29 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"The origins of our story began in 1994, way before the first gusts of an energy crisis blew across our land. It was a time when wind energy emerged not as an alternative, but a mainstream, renewable, eco-friendly source of power generation. 'Since then we've emerged as the country's preferred wind power solution provider, on a number of counts. Wind World (India) Limited (WWIL) formerly Enercon (India) Limited has always been a path breaker, with innovations that have consistently left the others behind. Gearless technology, an energy-efficient grid feeding system and long-lasting warp resistant blades are just cases in point.

Our wind farms today straddle seven high wind potential states Karnataka, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh, spread across 3,000 kms of India. We have installed over 6204 Wind Energy Converters (WECs) with a capacity of over 4561 MW."
Jindal X,3.5,(705 Reviews),Public,"New Delhi,Delhi + 12 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"JindalX is India’s leading services company focused on delivering awesome customer experiences for its clients. With our focus on continuous innovation, out-of-the-box solutions, and being enablers for our customers, we find the missing ‘X’ that propels us as partners towards ‘Xponential’ growth.Our Solutions include:Customer Xperience:Customer experience is dependent on customer expectations and how those expectations are met. Our proprietary transformation model SAINT – Stabilize, Analyze, Initialize, Normalize and Transform – enables structured application of digital tools and technologies to deliver awesome Xperience. Clients are able to monitor the processes closely and minutely through our measured impact calculations.Content Curation:In this era of mass information consumption, content can be a significant differentiator for any brand. Whether it is an ecommerce business informing customers about its product lines or a healthcare organization promoting its medical plans, the tone and quality of content can be a game changer. JindalX has deep knowledge and Xperience in designing, curating and moderating content. Our content curation engine assists in optimizing content for strategic as well as transactional needs.Revenue Cycle Management (RCM):JindalX has partnered with MMG, a leading healthcare services provider in the US, to offer world class RCM and Healthcare Support Services. Operating under the entity JindalMMG, we provide solutions that go beyond the traditional RCM model to include track and measure, improve operational performance, increased revenue and custom solutions.Visit our website www.jindalx.com to find out how we are integrating technology, analytics and digital with our solutions to partner our clients towards ‘Xponential’ growth."
Jubilant Pharmov...,4.2,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 43 more",45 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Jubilant Life Sciences Limited is an integrated global pharmaceutical and life sciences company engaged in manufacturing and supply of APIs, Solid Dosage Formulations, Radiopharmaceuticals, Allergy Therapy Products, Advance Intermediates, Fine Ingredients, Crop Science Ingredients, Life Science Chemicals and Nutritional Products. It also provides services in Contract Manufacturing of Sterile Injectables and Drug Discovery Solutions. The Company’s strength lies in its unique offerings of Pharmaceutical and Life Sciences products and services."
Infinite Compute...,4.0,(704 Reviews),Public,Rockville + 21 more,22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With over two decades of hands-on experience in cutting-edge technologies and platforms, we at Infinite assist our customers from various industries in optimizing, modernizing, and scaling their technology landscape. Our 10000+ employees working across 20+ global locations constantly strive toward delivering a seamless digital transformation for our 400+ Fortune 1000 customers."
SLK Global Servi...,3.9,(703 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,Texas + 6 more",23 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"We are a high energy, result oriented, fast paced organization with a culture of excellence.Strategically Focused & Outcome OrientedAt SLK, we strive to provide the right paths for our customers to most effectively achieve their visions.We focus on personalized solutions to create powerful impacts on customer business.Long Lasting RelationshipsFor over 15 years we have formed deep relationships with our clients that extend beyond the contract.Our unique structure enables our customers to get unparalleled levels of attention and direct access tosenior management at any time, further strengthening our commitment towards true partnerships.Leading Digital Solutions & Business Process Transformation ProviderFrom keeping the ‘lights on’ to transforming for success; we work at creating superior customerexperiences for all our clients including some of the largest financial institutions in the world.Our clients trust us to keep their most mission critical systems up and running because of ourcommitment & immaculate track record."
Intertek,4.0,(703 Reviews),Private,London + 61 more,26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Intertek Group plc is a British multinational assurance, inspection, product testing and certification company headquartered in London, England. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index"
Tata Advanced Sy...,3.9,(697 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 20 more",16 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Tata Advanced Systems Limited (TASL), a wholly owned subsidiary of Tata Sons, is the strategic Aerospac, Defence and Security arm of the TATA Group. TASL is both an operating & a holding company. TASL group is fast emerging as a key Defence, Aerospace and Security player in India with established capabilities and demonstrated deliveries in the following areas:Missile Systems and sub-systems Radar Systems and sub-systemsCommand & Control SystemsAerospace & Aero-StructuresUnmanned Aerial SystemsOptronic SystemsHomeland Security Solutions"
Apotex Research,4.5,(693 Reviews),Private,"Brantford,Ontario + 11 more",20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Apotex Inc. was founded in 1974, and is the largest Canadian-owned pharmaceutical company. From its 2 employees, 5,000 square foot beginning, the company has grown to employ over 6,500 people in research, development, manufacturing and distribution facilities world-wide. The Canadian operations of the Apotex Group of Companies with 5,800 employees now occupy over 3 million square feet in Montreal, Richmond Hill, Toronto, Etobicoke, Mississauga, Brantford, Windsor, Winnipeg, London, Calgary and Vancouver. Apotex produces more than 300 generic pharmaceuticals in approximately 4,000 dosages and formats which, in Canada, are used to fill over 89 million prescriptions a year - the largest amount of any pharmaceutical company in this country.

Today, Apotex is a necessary and trusted member of Canada's healthcare community. The company's pharmaceuticals can be found in virtually every pharmacy and healthcare facility in Canada and are exported to over 115 countries around the globe. Export markets represent an ever growing portion of the total sales. Apotex has also established a presence through subsidiaries, joint ventures or licensing agreements in Australia, Belgium, Czech Republic, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Poland, Turkey, and the in, to name just a few. Healthcare professionals around the world rely on Apotex for quality and value.

Although the company's own business is developing and manufacturing generic pharmaceuticals, the success of Apotex has enabled it to diversify into a number of other health-related areas. The Apotex Pharmaceutical Group of Companies also researches, develops, manufactures and distributes fine chemicals, non-prescription and private label medicines, and disposable plastics for medical use.

The worldwide sales of the Apotex Group of companies exceed $1 billion (Canadian $) per year."
Atul,4.1,(3k Reviews),Public,Valsad + 42 more,76 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Atul is an improvement driven, integrated chemical company serving about 6,000 customers belonging to 27 industries across the world. The Company has established subsidiary companies in the USA (1994), the UK (1996), China (2004), Brazil (2012) and the UAE (2015) to serve its customers and thus enhance breadth and depth of its business.

With depth in science and technology, Atul manages almost all unit processes and unit operations to manufacture about 1,350 products and formulations and has state-of-the-art facilities and processes to ensure safety and treatment of gaseous, liquid and solid pollutants. The Company is ISO 14001 certified. Atul established successful joint venture companies with world-renowned multi-national companies namely American Cyanamid Company (now a part of BASF AG and Pfizer Inc) in 1947, Imperial Chemical Industries plc (now a part of Akzo Nobel and Astra Zeneca plc) in 1955 and Ciba-Geigy Ltd (now a part of BASF AG and Huntsman Corporation) in 1960.

Atul was founded on September 05, 1947 – a month after Indian independence – by Kasturbhai Lalbhai, an institution builder par excellence and a legendary Indian of his times. The Company was a manifestation of his dream to generate large-scale employment, create wealth in rural India and make the country self-sufficient in its requirements of chemicals."
Amneal Pharmaceu...,4.3,(828 Reviews),Private,"Bridgewater,New Jersey + 18 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Amneal Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NYSE: AMRX) is an integrated specialty pharmaceutical company powered by a robust U.S. generics business and a growing branded business. Together, our team is working to build one of the most dynamic pharmaceutical companies in our rapidly changing industry.

Today’s healthcare environment requires a new approach and new ideas. While staying true to our reputation for quality, service and value, we are reinventing our processes, our playbook and our creative partnerships. We are focused on delivering outcomes that meet important medical needs, make quality medicines more accessible and more affordable, and provide solutions for tomorrow’s health challenges.

Our leadership and global colleagues are deeply experienced and forward-thinking. We have the capabilities, scale and resources for growth and success. We are nimble and determined. We are Amneal and We make healthy possible."
Continental Auto...,4.2,(692 Reviews),Private,"Lower Saxony,Hanover + 14 more",152 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent, and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2018, Continental generated sales of €44.4 billion and currently employs around 245,000 people in 60 countries and markets."
Strides Pharma,3.9,(686 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 29 more",33 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Incorporated in 1990, Strides Pharma Science Limited is a global pharmaceutical company headquartered in Bangalore, India. The Company has two business verticals, viz., Regulated Markets and Emerging Markets.Strides has a global manufacturing footprint with seven manufacturing facilities spread across three continents, including four US FDA approved facilities and two facilities for the emerging markets.The Company has a dedicated R&D facility in India with global filing capabilities and a strong footprint across 100 countries."
Arthur J. Gallag...,4.0,(686 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 7 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Gallagher, a global insurance brokerage, risk management, and consulting firm, serves  communities around the globe, helping clients address risk, protecting assets and recovering from losses. The products and services we provide keep businesses and institutions running, and enable individuals and
families to face their future with confidence. 

Gallagher is the only insurance broker recognized by the Ethisphere Institute as a World's Most Ethical Company.

Gallagher provides retail and wholesale property and casualty brokerage, alternative risk transfer services, employee benefit consulting, and actuarial services. Gallagher also offers claims and information management, risk control consulting and appraisal services, human resource consulting, and retirement services."
Paytm Payments B...,3.9,(685 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 86 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Paytm Payments Bank is India’s mobile-first bank with zero balance-zero digital transaction charge accounts. Owned and governed solely by Indians, Paytm Payments Bank was launched on May 23, 2017.  Vijay Shekhar Sharma owns majority stake in the company, with the remaining share owned by Indian firm One97 Communications Ltd.  Paytm Payments Bank is building India’s first world class digital bank with a mission and commitment to serve to all underbanked and underserved indians. We will bring half-a-billion Indians to mainstream economy."
PNB Housing Fina...,4.0,(684 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 96 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"PNB Housing Finance Limited (PNB Housing) is a registered housing finance company with National Housing Bank (NHB). It was incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 and commenced its operations on November 11, 1988. PNB Housing is promoted by Punjab National Bank (PNB). The Company came out with a public issue of equity shares in November 2016. Its equity shares are listed on National Stock Exchange (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) with effect from 7th November 2016."
TUV SUD,4.0,(684 Reviews),Private,Munich + 65 more,157 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Everyday around the world, customers come to TÜV SÜD with questions. “Can we make it better, faster, more efficient and sustainable? How do we strike the balance between quality, profitability and sustainability?”   Beyond solving problems, TÜV SÜD is dedicated to adding tangible economic value to our customers. That is why “Choose certainty. Add value.” is the core philosophy behind everything that we do. We partner our customers with early consultation and continuous guidance to make sustainable progress a reality."
Morgan Stanley,4.0,(683 Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 14 more",92 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Morgan Stanley mobilizes capital to help governments, corporations, institutions and individuals around the world achieve their financial goals. For over 75 years, the firm’s reputation for using innovative thinking to solve complex problems has been well earned and rarely matched. A consistent industry leader throughout decades of dramatic change in modern finance, Morgan Stanley will continue to break new ground in advising, serving and providing new opportunities for its clients.

Morgan Stanley is committed to maintaining the first-class service and high standard of excellence that have always defined the firm. At its foundation are four core values — putting clients first, doing the right thing, leading with exceptional ideas and giving back — that guide its more than 55,000 employees in 1,200 offices across 43 countries."
Pine Labs,4.1,(683 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 59 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Pine Labs is contributing to the future of merchant commerce in Asia. We are using advanced fintech solutions built using our technology prowess and fueled by our zeal to innovate and solve problems. 

At Pine Labs, we’re proud of the way our merchant platform makes an impact on our customer’s lives. 

And we work to extend that impact to communities around us. Our employees volunteer to help people and organizations that work with underprivileged children, the differently-abled, and the elderly. 

We also work to protect and improve the environment by reducing our carbon footprint and pursuing environmentally sustainable actions across all aspects of our operations."
TechnipFMC,4.0,(682 Reviews),Private,Paris + 34 more,6 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"TechnipFMC is a global leader in subsea,  onshore/offshore and surface projects. With our proprietary technologies and production systems, integrated expertise, and comprehensive solutions, we are transforming our clients’ project economics.

We are uniquely positioned to deliver greater efficiency across project lifecycles from concept to project delivery and beyond. Through innovative technologies and improved efficiencies, our offering unlocks new possibilities for our clients in developing their oil and gas resources.

Each of our employees is driven by a steady commitment to clients and a culture of purposeful innovation. They challenge the conventions of the energy industry and rethink how the best results are achieved."
Tenneco,3.9,(681 Reviews),Private,"Lake Forest,Illinois + 27 more",83 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Following Tenneco’s expected separation to form two new, independent companies, an Aftermarket and Ride Performance company (DRiV™) as well as a new Powertrain Technology company, the new Tenneco will be one of the world’s largest pure-play powertrain companies serving OE markets worldwide with engineered solutions addressing fuel economy, power output, and criteria pollution requirements for gasoline, diesel and electrified powertrains"
Fortis Hospitals,4.1,(692 Reviews),Gurugram + 28 more,10k+ Employees (Global),N/A,N/A,"Fortis Healthcare Limited is a leading integrated healthcare delivery service provider in India. The healthcare verticals of the company primarily comprise hospitals, diagnostics and day care specialty facilities. Currently, the company operates its healthcare delivery services in India, Dubai and Sri Lanka with 43 healthcare facilities (including projects under development), approximately 9,000 potential beds and over 400 diagnostics centres.

In a global study of the 30 most technologically advanced hospitals in the world, its flagship, the Fortis Memorial Research Institute’ (FMRI), was ranked No.2, by ‘topmastersinhealthcare.com, and placed ahead of many other outstanding medical institutions in the world."
Mando Automotive,4.0,(680 Reviews),Private,"Kanchipuram,Tamil Nadu + 15 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mando Automotive India Private Limited, a leading manufacturer and supplier of high- performance brake systems, shock absorbers and struts to Indian, European and American OEMs. The manufacturing practices have been synced in accordance with the stringent standards set by Mando, Korea. In so doing, we have been able to bring the advantage of Korean design excellence to our customers. We continuously endeavour to design and develop products that enhance driving comfort and vehicle safety. Highly advanced infrastructure further bolsters the company’s competencies to deliver world-class products."
Siemens Gamesa R...,4.3,(678 Reviews),Private,"Zamudio,Vizcaya + 42 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Siemens Gamesa is a global technology leader in the renewable energy industry - specifically in the development, manufacturing, installation and maintenance of wind turbines. Being a pioneer in renewables since the 1980s, we put our scale and entrepreneurial culture to work on driving the energy transition towards a sustainable world. We empower our customers, people, and partners to lead the future with green energy."
Newgen Software ...,3.6,(677 Reviews),Public,"New Delhi,Delhi + 21 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Newgen is the leading provider of a unified digital transformation platform with native process automation, content services, and communication management capabilities. 

Globally, successful enterprises rely on Newgen’s industry-recognized low-code application platform to develop and deploy complex, content-driven, and customer-engaging business applications on the cloud. 

From onboarding to service requests, lending to underwriting, and many more use cases across industries. Newgen unlocks simplicity with speed and agility."
Podar Internatio...,4.3,(677 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 93 more",96 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Established in 1927, by Sheth Anandilal Podar, Podar Education Group has, from the very beginning been focused driven, and motivated by the traditional Indian values of honesty, integrity, and service. The father of our nation, Mahatma Gandhi, being the very first President of the Anandilal Podar Trust stands testimony to this fact.

With over 94 years of experience within the educational space, the Podar group is now a network of 136 Podar International Schools (completely managed by Podar Education Network) and 81 Podar Partner schools, with a combined student strength of more than 1,80,000 and the support of 7,600 dedicated and loyal staff members.

Our constantly growing network of education institutions includes a wide spectrum of Pre-Primary schools under the name Podar Jumbo Kids, Primary and Secondary schools under the name Podar International School, Partner Schools under the brand name Podar Learn School, colleges offering International undergraduate and graduate degrees, Part-Time courses and Teacher Training Institutes.

The Podar network of schools also offers a wide choice of educational streams such as the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE), Secondary School Certificate (SSC), Cambridge (IGCSE), and International Baccalaureate (IB).

Our scholastic record, innovative learning methods, and a strong commitment to delivering quality through integrity have helped us scale heights that few have managed in the field of education.

As a result, Podar today is a trusted name and an acknowledged leader in the collective effort to shape the future of our children and the nation through its wide network of top schools in India.

We welcome you to join the Podar family and to give your child the best when it comes to an integrated, holistic, and empowering learning experience."
NEC,4.2,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 30 more",124 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NEC has been associated with India since 1956, with offices in Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, New Delhi and Bangalore. Since then a lot of things have changed in India. Aside from an almost 3-fold growth in both nominal GDP and per capita income, India’s population grew by more than 150 million – or more than the entire population of Japan.
Rapid urbanization, growth in GDP and per capita income have created the need for smart and efficient technological solutions in Indian cities, where maximum urbanization is taking place.
At NEC India, we believe the best way to build a brighter, safer and more equitable society is to organically combine human, physical and technological resources through the use of information and communication technology.
NEC India has unique in-house capabilities to provide highly reliable, customized, scalable, flexible IT and network technologies. These capabilities are being increasingly relied upon by governments, businesses, individuals and society in various areas like Public Safety and Security, Retail, Private Network, Carrier Network, Smart Energy, Transportation, IT and Multimedia.
Through these strategic business activities, NEC creates an efficient, sustainable society for future generations."
Supreme Industri...,4.1,(737 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 61 more,81 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Founded in 1942, Supreme is an acknowledged leader of India's plastics industry. Handling volumes of over 3,20,000 tonnes of polymers annually effectively makes the country's largest plastics processors.

Not surprisingly, we also offer the widest and most comprehensive range of plastic products in India.

Our 25 advanced plants are powered by technology from world leaders, and complement our extensive facilities for R & D and new product development. In fact, Supreme is credited with pioneering several products in India. These include Cross- Laminated Films, HMHD Films, Multilayer Films, SWR Piping Systems and more.

Supreme Industries Limited is India's leading plastic processing company with seven business divisions. The company has forayed into different types of plastic processing in Injection Moulding, Rotational Moulding (ROTO), Extrusion, Compression Moulding, Blow Moulding etc.

Supreme Industries limited offers wide range of plastic products with a variety of applications in Moulded Furniture, Storage & Material Handling Products, XF Films & Products, Performance Films, Industrial Moulded Products, Protective Packaging Products, Composite Plastic Products, Plastic Piping System & Petrochemicals."
BGR Energy Syste...,3.8,(682 Reviews),Public,"Nellore,Andhra Pradesh + 40 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Company was originally incorporated in 1985, as a joint venture between GEA Energietechnik GmbH, Germany and the Promoter, Mr. B.G. Raghupathy, to manufacture and sell On-line Condenser Tube Cleaning Systems, Debris Filters  and  Rubber Cleaning  Balls used  in  Thermal  and  Nuclear Power Plants.  In 1993,     Mr. B. G. Raghupathy and members of his family became the sole shareholders of the Company and began to expand the range of product and services range in the Power and Oil & Gas industries. On June 28, 2007 the Company name was changed from GEA Energy System (India) Limited, to BGR Energy Systems Limited.  BGR Energy carries on the business in two segments, the Supply of systems and Equipment and Turnkey Engineering project contracting.  In the Turnkey Engineering project contracting business, the company engineer, manufacture, procure, construct and commission projects in the Power and Oil & Gas sector, wherein it take Turnkey responsibility to supply of a range of equipment and services, including the civil works required for a project and other work as may be required under the contract for such project.  The company executes Turnkey Contracts to supply the Balance of Plant (""BOP"") Equipment, Services and Civil works for Power Generation projects, in which it supply, from a single source, the Balance of the plant, i.e. items other than the Boiler, Turbine and Generator. Having successfully executed BOP contracts, it has begun to focus on Engineering, Procurement and Construction (""EPC"") contracts, in which it Design, Engineer and Supply all of the equipment required for a Power Plant including the Boiler, Turbine and Generator and Civil works. The Company is currently executing BOP and EPC contracts tailored to customer demands."
Globiva,3.0,(674 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 12 more",6 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Globiva is a leading Business Process Management company. We offer business value to our clients through innovative solutions and operational excellence in key industry verticals, including banking and financial services, insurance, manufacturing, telecommunications, travel and hospitality, e-commerce and retail. Our services include end to end solutions through Omni Channel platform by integrating voice, email, chat and social media. Our services are customized to meet ever growing and constantly evolving demands of end customers through innovative solutions.Globiva also delivers an entire spectrum of BPM services in customer interaction services, finance and accounting, human resource and back office services. Globiva provides complete flexibility of services to its clients and works on multiple engagements that encompasses"
EYGBS,3.9,(671 Reviews),"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 24 more",5 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Mahindra CIE Aut...,3.9,(670 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 29 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"“Mahindra CIE Automotive Limited (‘Mahindra CIE’ or ‘MCIE’) is a subsidiary of the CIE Automotive Group of Spain and is is listed on the BSE Limited (BSE) and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE). MCIE is the CIE Automotive Group's platform to operate all of it’s automotive components business forging technology worldwide and in South East Asia across all production technologies. MCIE today is a large diversified ‘Tier 2’ auto-components company which manufactures parts, not systems and aggregates, but these parts are complex and value added thus differentiating it from other ‘tier 2 parts’ companies. MCIE is focused on the automotive market – cars, utility vehicles, commercial vehicles, two wheelers and tractors. MCIE is a multi-locational and multi-technology business with engineering capabilities and manufacturing facilities in India, Germany, Spain, Lithuania, Italy and Mexico. MCIE has an established presence in each of these locations and supplies automotive components to customers based there and overseas. Our manufacturing locations are generally located close to major automotive manufacturing hubs in order to facilitate supplies to our customers. In certain instances, we also provide services such as value analysis and value engineering to add value to our customers'​ products. Our unique combination of specialization in high value-added products, which is usually delivered directly to OEMs and our presence across multiple production technologies, differentiates us from other component suppliers”"
Episource,3.9,(668 Reviews),Private,"Gardena,California + 8 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Episource is driven to collect data that’s insightful and accurate. With innovative technology and a global services model, we offer intuitive analytics to impact meaningful growth. From robust Risk Adjustment Analytics, Retrospective Chart Reviews, Quality Reporting, Encounter Data Submissions, and Clinical Services, Episource starts with the smallest of details and translates them to create better patient insights around disease profiles and care gaps. We know that behind each chart and every code is a real person. Humanity is our binding element, and we have your members in mind."
Dhoot Transmissi...,3.5,(668 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 17 more",25 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Dhoot Transmission Pvt Ltd was established in the year 1998. The company manufactures electronic components like antennas, switches and waveguides. The company opens gate of the technology to India with their research and innovative developments. The company is known as a dedicated and an efficient group."
Iris Software,4.4,(666 Reviews),Private,"Edison,New Jersey + 7 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Iris Software is a global Information Technology services organization offering high-quality solutions to businesses. It services the information technology requirements of Fortune 1000 companies by utilizing specialized domain knowledge, best-of-breed technologies, rapidly deployable proprietary frameworks/solutions and flexible engagement models.

We have been serving our customers for over 25 years from our offices in New York, Toronto, New Delhi and our headquarters, Edison, New Jersey. We service our customers across two broad business lines - Financial Services and Enterprise Services.

Our Financial Services group serves its Financial Services customers with deep domain knowledge & wide execution experience in many areas such as allocation & settlement, credit & market risk, market & reference data, & municipal bond underwriting. The Enterprise Services group works with customers in multiple industries – Life Sciences, Industrial goods manufacturing, Professional Services companies and Hi-Tech organizations.

Iris provides thought leadership to solve business problems creatively by conceptualizing & delivering uncommon solutions leveraging existing technologies & new computing paradigms such as Digital Transformation, Machine Learning, Analytics & Insights, Cloud Computing & Process Automation. Iris continually innovates to accelerate outcomes such as time-to-market, lower costs, ease of maintenance & reduced TCO."
Lemon Tree Hotel...,4.2,(666 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 53 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Fresh, spirited and youthful, Lemon Tree Hotels (LTH) is India's largest chain in the mid-priced hotels sector and third largest overall, as of June 30, 2017, according to the Horwath Report. This award winning Indian hotel chain opened its first hotel with 49 rooms in May 2004 and operates 80 hotels in 48 destinations with ~8,000 rooms and over 8,000 employees."
Thyrocare Techno...,3.3,(666 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 43 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Thyrocare Technologies Limited is India's first and most advanced Totally Automated Laboratory having its strong presence in more than 2000 cities / towns in India and internationally.
Thyrocare is India's first fully automated diagnostic laboratory with a focus on providing quality at affordable costs to laboratories and hospitals in India and other countries.
Thyrocare operates with a Centralized Processing Laboratory (CPL) in Mumbai - India for esoteric tests; and Regional Processing Laboratory in major metro cities of India and other parts of Asia. We have focus on strong technologies, strong brands and strong systems that enable all laboratories to give their clients the best of science and technology at an affordable cost."
Columbia Asia,4.4,(663 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 18 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Columbia Asia started operations in 1996. Currently it has 29 medical facilities across Asia; 12 in Malaysia, 11 in India, 3 in Vietnam and 3 in Indonesia. The company believes in setting up mid-size hospitals built in residential areas for accessibility and efficiency, and to better serve the respective communities. This also helps keep costs down for consumers with no compromise on healthcare quality, modern amenities and highly-trained teams of specialists and nurses. 

Columbia Asia aims to be the preferred choice of healthcare services for families and businesses. With 100 to 200 beds per medical facility, two-storey buildings for smoother patient flow and new medical technologies to decrease the levels of invasive treatments, the efficiency of patient care is optimised resulting in a shorter length of stay. In turn, this results in transparency in rates with better affordability for patients. But as progressive as medical technology can be, the difference in healthcare relies much on its people – highly skilled medical consultants, caring nurses as well as teams of committed staff who see to every patient’s need, on the road to recovery. 

Columbia Asia medical facilities provide a wide array of medical services such as General Surgery, Paediatrics, Obstetrics & Gynaecology, Orthopaedics and Internal Medicine. These are supported by a comprehensive list of ancillary services that include and Intensive Care Unit, Neonatal Care Unit, Physiotherapy, Laboratory, Pharmacy and Imaging."
V2 Retail,3.7,(1k Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 74 more",22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"V2 Retail offers an unparalleled retail mix combined with value and variety to its shoppers. This fashion avenue gives an extraordinary experience with an embracing portfolio of product offerings. V2 retail believes in offering complete Value for money to the shoppers through its large Variety of Smart, Trendy, Fashionable apparels across categories under one roof.Our presence in 17 states of India with 77 high fashionable Operational stores, make us stand amongst the pioneers in setting up unique precincts with modern ambience retail chain. We dedicatedly lead the significant shopping experience to various small towns and cities like Patna, Sagar, Itanagar, Varanasi and many more."
SAI Life Science...,3.8,(661 Reviews),Public,Hyderabad + 10 more,24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sai Life Sciences is built on the bedrock of partnership. We work with innovator pharma and biotech companies to accelerate the discovery, development and manufacture of complex small molecules for a healthier tomorrow. Our Vision is to support our global innovator partners bring 25 new medicines to life by 2025. And we are well on that journey."
Godrej Consumer ...,4.3,(661 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 87 more,22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Godrej Consumer Products is a leading emerging markets company. As part of the over 122-year young Godrej Group, we are fortunate to have a proud legacy built on the strong values of trust, integrity and respect for others. At the same time, we are growing fast and have exciting, ambitious aspirations.Today, our Group enjoys the patronage of 1.15 billion consumers globally, across different businesses. In line with our 3 by 3 approach to international expansion at Godrej Consumer Products, we are building a presence in 3 emerging markets (Asia, Africa, Latin America) across 3 categories (home care, personal care, hair care). We rank among the largest household insecticide and hair care players in emerging markets. In household insecticides, we are the leader in India and Indonesia and are expanding our footprint in Africa. We are the leader in serving the hair care needs of women of African descent, the number one player in hair colour in India and Sub-Saharan Africa, and among the leading players in Latin America. We rank number two in soaps in India, are the number one player in air fresheners in India and Indonesia, and a leader in wet tissues in Indonesia.But for us, it is very important that besides our strong financial performance and innovative, much-loved products, we remain a good company. Approximately 23 per cent of the promoter holding in the Godrej Group is held in trusts that invest in the environment, health and education. We are also bringing together our passion and purpose to make a difference through our 'Good & Green' approach to create a more inclusive and greener India.At the heart of all of this, is our talented team. We take much pride in fostering an inspiring workplace, with an agile and high-performance culture. We are also deeply committed to recognising and valuing diversity across our teams."
EPAM Systems,3.8,(667 Reviews),"Newtown,Pennsylvania + 12 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Since 1993, EPAM Systems, Inc. (NYSE: EPAM) has leveraged its advanced software engineering heritage to become the foremost global digital transformation services provider – leading the industry in digital and physical product development and digital platform engineering services. Through its innovative strategy; integrated advisory, consulting, and design capabilities; and unique ‘Engineering DNA,’ EPAM’s globally deployed hybrid teams help make the future real for clients and communities around the world by powering better enterprise, education, and health platforms that connect people, optimize experiences, and improve people’s lives. In 2021, EPAM was added to the S&P 500 and included in the list of Forbes Global 2000 companies. 

Selected by Newsweek as a 2021 Most Loved Workplace, EPAM’s global multi-disciplinary teams serve customers in more than 45 countries across five continents. As a recognized leader, EPAM is listed among the top 15 companies in Information Technology Services on the Fortune 1000 and ranked as the top IT services company on Fortune’s 100 Fastest-Growing Companies list for the last three consecutive years. EPAM is also listed among Ad Age’s Top 25 World’s Largest Agency Companies for three consecutive years, and Consulting Magazine named EPAM Continuum a top 20 Fastest-Growing Firm. 

Globally, EPAM is growing rapidly. Our growth and global footprint offer you unique career opportunities. Come, Engineer Your Future with us!

61,000 TOTAL EPAMERS (Data for Q1 2022) | 45+ COUNTRIES (Data as of Q1 2022) | $1.172B Q1 2022 REVENUE (Data as of Q1 2022) | 27% Revenue Growth 5 Year Revenue CAGR (2016-2021)

EPAM India is one of the best Product Development Services companies in India with a ‘startup-like culture’ and leverages our global Engineering Excellence practices and borderless delivery model to provide unique career opportunities to our employees and best-in-class digital solutions to our customers. Our teams help our customers be more competitive and disruptive in the marketplace. We adopt a global growth strategy, thinking and acting like start-ups, working in multidisciplinary global teams, and delivering results relentlessly.

5,500+ EPAMERS (100% growth in 2021) | 150+ ACTIVE CUSTOMERS | 05 OFFICE LOCATIONS (Hyderabad, Pune, Bangalore, Gurgaon, Chennai)"
Medhaj Techno Co...,4.2,(660 Reviews),Private,"Lucknow,Uttar Pradesh + 97 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Medhaj Techno Concept Pvt. Ltd., AN ISO 9001:2015; 14001:2015 & 27001:2013 Company incorporated in 2007 is one of the fastest growing infrastructure consultancy firms in India. Medhaj brings together professionals from diverse disciplines with complementary skills. We offer a wide range of consultancy services, particularly in the areas of pre-project advisory, design engineering, smart grid, project management, third party quality inspection, construction supervision, energy efficiency, policy & regulatory advisory and public private partnership.Breadth & Depth: Medhaj has a pan India presence with offices and team in more than 27+ states in India for its 75+ clients. Medhaj is the leading consultant in Smart Grid and other high-end IT enablement projects in infrastructure sector."
1point1 Solution...,3.3,(660 Reviews),Public,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 11 more",15 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Working to co-create a better future with our clients, we challenge legacy thinking and drive sustainable transformation.

Headquartered in Navi Mumbai, 1Point1 is a Public Listed Company that helps businesses build better capabilities and enables them to achieve seamless growth. Ours is an organization with over 75 unique processes bringing valuable and enduring impacts.

Our team of IT experts and research analysts works for broad spectrum of industries. We bring business intelligence and technology expertise on a unified platform to catalyze enterprise transformation and improve customer experience.

As a business process management (BPM) company we offer technology, finance and analytical solutions"
Jaquar,4.1,(659 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 75 more,63 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Jaquar Group, established in 1960, is a company that sells faucets, showers, shower enclosures, sanitary ware, flushing systems, wellness products, concealed cisterns, water heaters, and varied lighting products."
ManpowerGroup,4.1,(659 Reviews),Private,"Milwaukee,Wisconsin + 93 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ManpowerGroup is a world leader in innovative workforce solutions. ManpowerGroup India provides end to end Human Resource Management to organizations and helps them address their critical talent needs by providing comprehensive Workforce Management from Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO) to Staffing Solutions, Permanent Recruitment and Leadership Training and Development. Our endeavor is to help our clients and candidates win in the changing world of work. ManpowerGroup India received a Great Place to Work® Certification for September 2021 to September 2022."
Eaton Corporatio...,4.1,(659 Reviews),Public,"Cleveland,Ohio + 14 more",112 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Eaton is a power management company with 2018 sales of $21.6 billion. We provide energy-efficient solutions that help our customers effectively manage electrical, hydraulic and mechanical power more efficiently, safely and sustainably. Eaton is dedicated to improving the quality of life and the environment through the use of power management technologies and services. Eaton has approximately 99,000 employees and sells products to customers in more than 175 countries. For more information, visit Eaton.com.Eaton is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Eaton is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities for all job applicants and employees. Employment decisions are based upon job-related reasons regardless of an applicant's race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, marital status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by law."
Bosch Chassis Sy...,4.2,(659 Reviews),Private,Gerlingen + 18 more,72 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1985, Bosch Chassis Systems India Limited is a subsidiary of the Bosch Group in India. The Bosch Group holds a 98% stake in the company.  As part of the world’s largest independent parts supplier, we offer our customers advanced technology, quality and excellent services, all from a single source. Bosch Chassis Systems India Limited develops and manufactures innovative braking system components and vehicle safety systems for the automotive industry.  The company uses its system engineering capabilities to suggest the right kind of brake system for the OEMs. The continual improvement of driving safety and comfort supports our aspiration to be the preferred partner of our customers.  Bosch Chassis Systems India Limited manufactures products to comply with the stringent requirements of the leading OEMs in the automobile industry as a manufacturer of brake system components for 3-wheelers, passenger cars, utility vehicles, and light commercial vehicles.  Its state-of-the-art manufacturing plants are located at Chakan (near Pune) and Manesar (near Delhi) and the registered office is in Chakan."
Eureka Outsourci...,3.1,(659 Reviews),Private,"Thane,Maharashtra + 14 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""EOS is a global professional services organization focused on digital & technology innovation in delivering high-quality services. With immense domain expertise across industry verticals and a strong digital footprint, we are committed to provide strategic partnership to our clients, helping them transform their business, reduce cost, and improve productivity.

We have a diverse business portfolio comprising of a mix of BPM and KPO services. Our expertise lies in designing & implementing technology based customized contact center solutions for client’s niche requirements. Our teams work in constant endeavor to provide cutting edge technology using Artificial Intelligence and Deep Learning Neural Networks to provide omni-channel solutions to manage customer service, support and end-to-end customer life cycle management.

With multiple offices and clients spread across the globe, team EOS constantly thrives for excellence and customer delight through innovation, for which we have won several awards and accolades across multiple forums."""
Amara Raja Batte...,4.3,(659 Reviews),Tirupati + 49 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
IndiaFirst Life ...,4.3,(658 Reviews),Government,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 129 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IndiaFirst Life Insurance Company is a life insurance company in India. It started as a joint venture between two of India's public sector banks – Bank of Baroda and Andhra Bank, and UK's financial and investment company Legal & General. It was incorporated in November, 2009. It has its headquarters in Mumbai"
Apco Infratech,3.9,(657 Reviews),Private,"Lucknow,Uttar Pradesh + 50 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"APCO INFRATECH PVT. LTD is an ISO 9001:2015 &OHSAS 18001:2007 certified professionally managed organization with a dedicated team of 3000 engineers and professionals.It has many milestones underlining its growth journey in the Highways, Energy, Tunnel, Irrigation, Urban infrastructure & Industrial development.
APCO is one of the fastest growing Indian mid-sized infrastructure conglomerate in its domain, which puts in more than 03 decades of phenomenal growth and a successful track record. It offers unmatched service in the field of Highways, Power generation, Tunnels, Irrigation/Canal, Metro Rail, Urban infrastructure and industrial development by carrying out utmost complex projects. APCO has a strong team of over 7800 trained employees with over 1500 professionals. In its life span spreading over 03 decades it has proudly and successfully completed over 50+ large scale projects till date. It humbly carries an external credit rating of A1 (Short-Term) and A (Long-Term) from CRISIL. APCO has demonstrated its project execution capabilities with an impeccable credit history with the lenders.
APCO has a net worth of more than 1,451 Crore and an annual turnover of Rs. 5,454 Crore.
It has a proud portfolio of 11 DBFOT Projects (Ownership in 08 Projects being 100%, 50% in 02 Projects and 35% in 01 project). APCO currently manages a large number of highways projects in the states of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Haryana, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Jharkhand and Delhi/NCR apart from its presence in Nepal. APCO is currently executing 10 Expressway projects in India including the country’s first ever 14-Lane Expressway (Delhi-Meerut Expressway) apart from executing the prestigious Z Morh Tunnel Project in J&K, Cable Stay Bridge in Mumbai, and Elevated Viaduct Metro Project in Delhi/NCR among other prominent ones. Its order value in hand exceeds Rs. 16K crore with an average execution period of 30 months.
APCO has aligned its vision with that of the Government of India to put the country on the global map. APCO is also one of the protagonists of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s dream of India becoming a $5 Trillion economy. APCO is also the first company in India which has been awarded the very first Hybrid Annuity Mode (HAM) Project in India being the Meerut- Bulandshahr in the year 2016."
Gujarat Fluoroch...,4.2,(657 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 19 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"An ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015, ISO 45001:2018 and SA 8000:2014 certified organisation, GFL is a leading producer of Fluoropolymers, Fluorospecialities, Refrigerants and Chemicals for applications in varied industries. GFL derives its strength from expertise in Fluorine Chemistry, vertical integration from natural minerals to Fluoropolymers and strong R&D, enabling it to provide one of the best quality products meeting all regulatory compliances, to our clientele globally.

The facility has multipurpose plants, a state-of-the-art R&D facility and a Pilot plant for scale-up. Starting with the REFRON brand of refrigerants, we expanded into fluorospeciality chemicals, exporting to over 75 countries.

The year 1989 marked commencement of Company’s commercial operations with India’s largest Refrigerant manufacturing unit at Ranjitnagar, Gujarat, India. The site was further expanded to produce Fluorospeciality products catering to the growing demands in global agriculture and pharmaceutical industry. Foraying into new avenues in 2007, with one of the world’s most integrated facilities at Dahej, Gujarat, India, GFL now has a diverse portfolio of Fluroropolymers comprising PTFE, PFA, FEP, FKM, PVDF and Fluoropolymer Additives.

With three manufacturing facilities in India, a captive Fluorspar mine in Morrocco, offices and warehouses in Europe and USA, and a marketing network spread across the world, GFL is one of the established players in Fluoropolymers and Fluorospecialities markets.

Our Sustainability goals are interwoven with the way we do business all along our value chain. The company is signatory to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi), and is a member of the Indian Chemical Council (ICC). Our focus on Health, Safety and Environment is reflected in the wellbeing and safety of our people. All-inclusive efforts towards sustainability at various facets make us long-term partners for our customers across geographies."
Coca-Cola Compan...,4.4,(2.9k Reviews),Private,Atlanta + 143 more,137 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE: KO) is a total beverage company, offering over 500 brands in more than 200 countries and territories.

In addition to the company’s Coca-Cola brands, our portfolio includes some of the world’s most valuable beverage brands, such as AdeS soy-based beverages, Ayataka green tea, Dasani waters, Del Valle juices and nectars, Fanta, Georgia coffee, Gold Peak teas and coffees, Honest Tea, innocent smoothies and juices, Minute Maid juices, Powerade sports drinks, Simply juices, smartwater, Sprite, vitaminwater and ZICO coconut water.

We’re constantly transforming our portfolio, from reducing sugar in our drinks to bringing innovative new products to market. We’re also working to reduce our environmental impact by replenishing water and promoting recycling. With our bottling partners, we employ more than 700,000 people, helping bring economic opportunity to local communities worldwide."
Hinduja Leyland ...,4.1,(899 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 187 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hinduja Leyland Finance Limitedprovides financial services. TheCompany offers loans for commercial and personal vehicles including tractors, cars, and multi-utility vehicles.Hinduja Leyland Financeserves customers in India"
Vibgyor High Sch...,3.9,(656 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 21 more,19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"That's VIBGYOR High! An institution built on the dream to honour young people by giving them an environment to grow intellectually, artistically, athletically and morally. At VIBGYOR High we impart learning through a series of classes, sports, extra-curricular activities and special events.

Our students are guided by qualified teachers and scholars who in their own way are also counsellors and an inspiration. At VIBGYOR High, education is designed on a broad-based curriculum with the goal to ignite our nation's young minds. We believe in creating an environment where students also learn from their peers and through friendship.

To sum up, we Enthuse, Enlighten and Empower: The three strong pillars that define who we are, our beliefs and our commitment towards growth and focus."
Atos Global IT S...,4.0,(656 Reviews),"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 12 more",23 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"Atos is the global leader in secure and decarbonized digital with a range of market-leading digital solutions along with consultancy services, digital security, and decarbonization offerings; an end-to-end partnership approach.

A net-zero pioneer in decarbonization services and products, our commitment to the future extends to carbon-neutrality for our organization as well as our clients and partners. Together, we’re a force pushing the boundaries of scientific and technological excellence to ensure that everyone can live, work and thrive sustainably in a secure information space.

Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea), listed on Euronext Paris and included on the CAC 40 ESG and Next 20 Paris Stock Indexes."
Tata Chemicals,4.2,(1.6k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 75 more",85 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1939 in Mithapur in the Indian state of Gujarat, Tata Chemicals Limited (TCL) is a part of the US$ 110 billion Tata Group. A global company, we serve customers across 40+ countries in five continents. We bring together our knowledge, expertise and innovation prowess to positively impact industries, consumers and farmers with our science-led products spread across three business verticals - Basic Chemistry, Consumer Products and Specialty Products.

The story of the company is about harnessing the fruits of science for goals that go beyond business. Tata Chemicals has been rated as one of the top 10% in Business and Consumer brands across all industry and consumer brand categories in India by Superbrands™.

We touch lives around the world. We are the 3rd largest soda ash manufacturer and the 6th largest sodium bicarbonate manufacturer in the world. We are India’s market leader in table salt with Tata Salt considered the nation’s 2nd most trusted food brand. Our food brand Tata Sampann is India’s 1st national pulses brand, along with a portfolio of spices, and nutria-mixes. We have pioneered the production of a healthy prebiotic range of FOS and GOS products, which is marketed to B2B customers across India, North America, Europe, Middle East and Asia."
Vistaar Finance,4.3,(655 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 150 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Vistaar is a commitment to create new economic opportunities for deserving small business women and men, enriching lives and transforming communities. The company focuses on the missing middle segment, which is not effectively served by the formal financial system. Vistaar works to make available loans for small business and appropriately designed financial services/SME business loans, for this segment alone. This is nation building done right, one entrepreneur at a time."
Suryoday Small F...,3.9,(655 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 118 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Suryoday Small Finance Bank is a new age bank that was converted from a micro finance institution having served over a million customers since 2009. Suryoday Small Finance Bank will endeavour to bring you the best banking solutions. We are a ""Bank of Smiles""​ and our power-packed Smart Saving Solutions - Fixed Deposits and Savings Accounts - are designed to offer you the choicest of benefits to suit your financial requirements. As always, our focus will continue to be on ensuring the best in class ‘Customer Experience’. As a bank, we will: - Continue to offer our existing credit products suite of MFI loans, Vikas Loans, Shopkeeper Loans etc. to new and current customers. - Offer digital banking as the key account differentiator to customers using the extensive seeding of Aadhar biometric identification system, NPCI’s payment systems and mobile technologies whilst continuing to explore banking through traditional channels. - Focus on the unserved and the underserved through innovative banking practices and continue to expand reach in states where we currently don’t have a presence"
Automotive Manuf...,4.1,(655 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 98 more",75 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Automotive Manufacturers Private Limited (AMPL) was incorporated in the year 1948, under the dynamic leadership of Shri. Manubhai Sanghvi and Shri. P.P Sanghvi.
The company started as main dealers of Leyland Motors, UK for marketing their products in the erstwhile states of Bombay, Hyderabad and Saurashtra. The company assembled about 2000 Leyland vehicles at its Kurla Works between 1949 and 1955.In addition to marketing, the company was also engaged in CKD assembly of Leyland vehicles till 1955, when Leyland Motors, U.K. entered into financial and technical collaboration with Ashok Leyland.
In the year 1958 dealership for Mahindra& Mahindra Limited was taken. The company thereafter took up marketing of products manufactured by Ashok Leyland in the states of Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat, Mahindra in Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat. 
In 1986 dealership for Maruti Suzuki Ltd., was taken for Maharashtra at Navi Mumbai and subsequently extended to Nagpur, Aurangabad and Nasik. 
Kobelco, a giant in the construction equipment sector has been added. In 2007, dealership for Audi was taken for the state of Andhra Pradesh."""
Toppr,3.4,(655 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 42 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At Toppr, students are at the centre of our universe. We believe that every student is different and has different learning needs. We work relentlessly to solve student problems using advanced technology and help them learn better. We have thoughtfully designed Toppr to ensure that it is a one-stop after-school learning platform. It has more than 1.5 million learning pieces, including adaptive practice questions, solutions, concepts, and videos that come together seamlessly to give 360° learning. We use artificial intelligence based machine learning algorithms on top of this strong infrastructure, to create personalised learning paths for millions of students."
Barbeque Nation,4.1,(654 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 55 more",17 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Barbeque Nation was founded in 2006 with a simple vision – offering a complete dining experience to customers at affordable prices. One of the most successful casual dining chains in India, Barbeque Nation pioneered the concept of live grills embedded under dining tables – allowing customers to grill their own barbecue’s right at their tables. A novelty at the time, the restaurant allowed clients to customize their own starters with their preference of flavours - ushering the era of ‘Do It Yourself cuisine’ in India. The look and feel of all outlets is rustic and casual with wood and open-brick wall surface. The sizzle of the grills livens up the whole atmosphere and gives diners a comfortable and cosy experience. In its very first outlet in Mumbai in 2006, Barbeque Nation inculcated the one principle that would cause the chain to expand pan-India in an amazingly short time period, putting the customer first at all steps of the dining experience – from reserving a table and customizing the level of spiciness, to creating in house live entertainment and taking feedback from customers long after their dining experience was over. 2016 is the year of a major milestone, Barbeque Nation opened its 75th outlet in MI Road & moved international to Dubai. The brand has witnessed expansion across India, with a presence in almost every major region in India. Barbeque Nation is a company that values relationships and satisfaction, both among its customers and employees and was awarded as 37th best places to work in India in 2016 & 36th Best in 2017 in the largest workplace study conducted by The Economic Times. The real secret behind the Barbeque chain’s growth is the philosophy of always putting the customer first. Adhering to this principle, the restaurant chain offers innovative food festivals across outlets introducing patrons to a range of culinary and experiential aspects of interesting locations-both exotic international places and hidden gems within India."
Slk Software Ser...,3.7,(654 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 7 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At SLK Software, we recognize the speed at which the world is transforming, the impact it creates and the opportunity it offers our customers. We are at the forefront of guiding and partnering with our customers through their transformation in order to maximize its value. We believe in the power of simplification and automation as a means to offer a whole new experience"
Sansera Engineer...,4.2,(653 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 16 more",37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are an engineering-led integrated manufacturer of complex and high-quality precision components for the automotive and aerospace sectors, primarily supplying to original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) in India and internationally. We manufacture and supply a wide range of precision forged and machined components that are critical for engine, transmission and other systems for the two-wheeler, passenger vehicle and light and heavy commercial vehicle verticals in the automotive sector. We also supply our components to the aerospace sector and for off-road vehicles as well as for other segments including tractors, generator sets, stationary engines and other non-automotive applications."
Shadowfax Techno...,3.5,(722 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 108 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The most prominent Indian brands in food, e-commerce, grocery and healthcare rely on Shadowfax for on-demand deliveries.  Shadowfax provides businesses access to cutting edge technology in logistics and a reliable delivery network. More than 15,000+ delivery partners work with Shadowfax’s multi-modal platform, driving bikes, minivans, trucks, airlines and even electric vehicles. The network is capable of delivering instantly within and across 200 cities. Businesses can simply plug-n-play into Shadowfax’s platform to deliver everything from food to grocery to medicines to apparels and furniture."
Clover Infotech,3.6,(651 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 13 more,29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Clover Infotech is a leading IT service and consulting company. We provide solutions and services across application and technology modernization, cloud enablement, data management, automation, and assurance services. 

For over 25 years now, we have been co-authoring transformational success for leading global enterprises and promising start-ups alike – across geographies and industry verticals.

Through a well-defined development, support, and quality framework, we consult enterprises on their transformation roadmap and implement business-critical technologies along with the underlying infrastructure. With our in-depth expertise and robust experience in Enterprise Application Services, Data Analytics, Digital Experience Management, Automation solutions, and Cloud services, we deliver tangible value for businesses in terms of operational efficiency, cost-effectiveness, intelligent automation, and information security.

Having served some of the Fortune 500 companies globally and many of the leading banks and insurance companies in India, we have consistently contributed towards the embellishment of their technology, agility, and efficiency while harnessing innovations.

The company has a strong pan-India presence. It serves its customers in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa through its Dubai office."
Alstom,4.0,(1.8k Reviews),Private,Saint-Ouen + 48 more,95 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Our ambition is to accompany all transportation stakeholders in meeting tomorrow’s mobility challenges. We strive to provide them with the most efficient and digital mobility systems, while further improving the environmental friendliness of our solutions."
Dana Anand,4.3,(649 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 35 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Over the past 25 years, Spicer India has developed into a leading supplier of axles, driveshafts, drivetrain products and genuine service parts. Spicer India Private Limited came about as a result of ANAND’s joint venture with Dana Incorporated, a global leader in the field of driveshaft and drivetrain components. This joint venture allows Spicer to make the most of the advanced engineering capabilities of SIPL and Dana engineers and develop world-class products."
Wheelseye Techno...,3.9,(648 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 133 more",6 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"We partner with hundreds of thousands of businesses across India in the shared journey of building a reliable, safer and predictable transportation infrastructure."
Feedback Infrast...,3.8,(881 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 104 more",33 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Feedback Infra is India's leading infrastructure services company, with over 9,500 employees and associates. It has executed projects across 28 Indian states and 37 countries across Africa, Middle-East and Asia. Feedback Infra works across transportation, energy and urban infrastructure and provides consulting services for new and existing projects, manages their design and construction and operates and maintains infrastructure assets. It serves clients across the Union and State governments, private developers as well as banks and financial institutions. Feedback Infra, while privately held, is backed by its three shareholders."
Spandana Sphoort...,3.7,(647 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 188 more",25 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Spandana was founded by Mrs. Padmaja Reddy in 1998 as a Society which was later transformed into an NBFC and subsequently as NBFC MFI. Mrs. Reddy, the Promoter and Managing Director of Spandana prior to founding Spandana used to work with an NGO in Andhra Pradesh."
Orion Edutech,3.2,(645 Reviews),Private,Kolkata + 94 more,17 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"The National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) partnered and an ISO 9001:2015 certified company, Orion Edutech is the brainchild of Mr. Sanjeev Kothari and Mr. Manish Agarwal. Founded in 2006, it has been our motto since then to create promising champions of the future by bridging the gap between the demand and supply of skilled workforce in the industry. Building trust and meeting our commitments are our core values."
Kendriya Vidyala...,4.3,(644 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 162 more",60 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"The system came into being in 1963 under the name 'Central Schools'. Later, the name was changed to Kendriya Vidyalaya. Its schools are all affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE). Its objective is to educate children of the Indian Defence Services personnel who are often posted to remote locations. With the army starting its own Army Public Schools, the service was extended but not restricted to all central government employees.A uniform curriculum is followed by the schools all over India. By providing a common syllabus and system of education, the Kendriya Vidyalayas are intended to ensure that the children of government employees do not face education disadvantages when their parents are transferred from one location to another. The schools have been operational for more than 50 years."
MDIndia Health I...,4.0,(644 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 60 more",23 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"MDIndia Healthcare Services (TPA) Pvt. Ltd. was founded in November 2000, with exclusive focus on healthcare insurance and aim of providing TPA (Third Party Administration) services to Indian Health Insurance Sector. IRDA (Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority), the regulatory body that governs and licenses all players in the insurance industry, issued the TPA License (No. 005) to MDIndia in March 2001."
Viraj Profiles,3.8,(644 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 12 more",23 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"In 20 years, Viraj has made its presence felt worldwide having operations in more than 90 countries, built a turnover of over USD 1.5 billion and has become the employer of choice for over 9,000 people, through honest hard work. Stainless – as we do, so we are.Equipped with integrated manufacturing facilities and a trust of delivering premium quality for two decades, Viraj Profiles Limited has emerged to be one of the leading manufacturers of stainless steel long products globally. Viraj’s tradition, sound business principles and ethical practices have propelled it to the forefront of the Stainless Steel industry. In the Stainless Steel flanges segment we have achieved the Numero Uno position in the world.Today Viraj is one of the largest manufacturers and exporters of Stainless Steel long products in the world. With turnover of USD 1.5 Billion, the company is exporting its stainless steel products (Wire Rods, Wires, Welding Wires, Flanges, Fasteners, Bright Bars and Profiles) to more than 1300 customers based across 90 countries spread over 6 continents. With melting capacity of 528,000 tons per annum, the company produces more than 50,000 SKUs in various grades like Austenitic, Ferritic, Martenistic, Duplex and Electrode in various shapes and sizes. The core competency of Viraj lies in its integrated manufacturing facilities which enables it to meet customer specific requirements."
Adani Group,4.0,(643 Reviews),Public,Ahmedabad + 86 more,35 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Adani Group is a diversified organization in India comprising 7 publicly traded companies. It has created a world-class transport and utility infrastructure portfolio that has a pan-India presence. Adani Group is headquartered in Ahmedabad, in the state of Gujarat, India. 

Over the years, Adani Group has positioned itself to be the market leader in its transport logistics and energy utility portfolio businesses focusing on large-scale infrastructure development in India with O & M practices benchmarked to global standards. With four IG-rated businesses, it is the only Infrastructure Investment Grade issuer in India.

Adani owes its success and leadership position to its core philosophy of ‘Nation Building’ driven by ‘Growth with Goodness’ - a guiding principle for sustainable growth. Adani is committed to increasing its ESG footprint by realigning its businesses with an emphasis on climate protection and increasing community outreach through its CSR program based on the principles of sustainability, diversity, and shared values.

Adani Power

Adani Power Limited (APL), a part of the diversified Adani Group, is the largest private thermal power producer in India. We have a power generation capacity of 12,450 MW comprising thermal power plants in Gujarat, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Rajasthan, and Chhattisgarh and a 40 MW solar power project in Gujarat.

Adani Enterprises Limited

Adani Enterprises Limited (AEL) is the flagship company of the Adani Group, one of India’s largest business organizations. Over the years, Adani Enterprises has focused on building stellar infrastructural assets contributing to nation-building.

Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone Limited

Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone Limited (APSEZ) is the largest commercial port operator in India accounting for nearly one-fourth of the cargo movement in the country. Its presence across 13 domestic ports in seven maritime states of Gujarat, Maharashtra, Goa, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, and Odisha presents the most widespread national footprint with deepened hinterland connectivity. The port facilities are equipped with the latest cargo-handling infrastructure which is not only best-in-class but also capable of handling the largest vessels calling at Indian shores. Our ports are equipped to handle diverse cargo, from dry cargo, liquid cargo, and crude to containers.

Adani Wilmar Limited

We are one of the few large FMCG food companies in India to offer most of the essential kitchen commodities for Indian consumers, including edible oil, wheat flour, rice, pulses, and sugar. Our products are offered under a diverse range of brands across a broad price spectrum and cater to different customer groups.

Adani Estate Management Pvt Ltd

With a commitment to get India at par with the most advanced countries around the world, in terms of employment, quality, and infrastructure, Adani Realty has commenced development in the most promising cities; integrating the finest design aesthetics with cutting-edge construction technology to deliver excellence – the modus operandi that has driven us to many achievements in a relatively short period of time. Adani Realty has been developing residential, commercial, and social club projects of over 64 lac sq. meters. (69 million sq. ft. approx) in Ahmedabad, Mumbai, Gurgaon, Kochi, and Mundra with an aim to revolutionize real estate; keeping in mind the varied aspirations and lifestyles of new-age India

Adani Total Gas Limited

Adani Total Gas is developing City Gas Distribution (CGD) Networks to supply Piped Natural Gas (PNG) to the Industrial, Commercial, Domestic (residential), and Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) to the transport sector. Natural Gas is a convenient, reliable, and environment-friendly fuel that allows consumers to enjoy a high level of safety, convenience, and economic efficiency.

Adani Road Transport Limited

Adani Road Transport Ltd is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Adani Enterprises Ltd (AEL). It is engaged in the development, construction, operations, and management of roads and highway projects in India.

Adani Ahmedabad International Airport Limited

In line with its vision to be a globally admired leader in the integrated infrastructure and transportation businesses, the Adani Group forayed into the airports' sector in 2019. Incubated within the group’s flagship company Adani Enterprises Ltd. (AEL), Adani Airports won the mandate to modernize and operate six airports – Ahmedabad, Lucknow, Mangaluru, Jaipur, Guwahati, and Thiruvananthapuram – through the Airports Authority of India’s globally competitive tendering process.

Adaniconnex Private Limited

AdaniConneX is a joint venture between Adani Group (India’s largest private infrastructure and energy provider) and EdgeConneX (the world’s largest private data center operator) to empower digital India with a 1 GW of data center capacity over the next decade.

Adani Infra (India) Limited

We believe that challenges are a part of our professional life and provide us with the opportunity to excel. I foresee brighter and exciting times ahead when many more milestones shall be crossed by Team Power. I believe in our people’s strength, which they have shown on many occasions. It’s the people in the organization who make miracles happen, and they shall continue to empower the organization to make it the best in the business.

Adani Green Energy Limited

Adani Green Energy Limited (AGEL) is one of the largest renewable companies in India, with a current project portfolio of 20,434 MW. AGEL is part of the Adani Group’s promise to provide a better, cleaner, and greener future for India. Driven by the Group’s philosophy of ‘Growth with Goodness’, the Company develops, builds, owns, operates, and maintains utility-scale grid-connected solar and wind farm projects. The electricity generated is supplied to central and state government entities and government-backed corporations.

Mundra Solar PV Limited

Adani Solar is the Solar PV manufacturing arm of the Adani Group, a diversified organization in India with a combined market cap of $200 Bn comprising 7 publicly traded companies. Our presence in the solar manufacturing sector contributes to India’s climate goals and bolsters its vision of embracing a healthier energy mix.

Maharashtra Eastern Grid Power Transmission

The power transmission sector in India is well poised for growth with an enabling policy framework in place, large capacity additions, and greater opportunities for private participation through tariff-based competitive bidding."
RBL FinServe,4.1,(643 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 226 more",18 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"RBL FinServe Ltd. (formally known as Swadhaar FinServe Pvt. Ltd.), headquartered in Mumbai, India, is a leading Business Correspondent and subsidiary of RBL Bank. We work as a last-mile distributor of comprehensive financial services and products for the Bank, in particular loans and savings products to low income households and micro entrepreneurs."
Hatsun Agro Prod...,4.0,(642 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 74 more",53 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""HAP manufactures and markets products that cater to both cooking and consumption, like milk, curd, ice creams, dairy whitener, skimmed milk powder, ghee, paneer and lots more. Our brands have become household names in over one million Indian houses. Arun Icecreams, Arokya Milk, Hatsun Curd, Hatsun Paneer, Hatsun Ghee, Hatsun Dairy Whitener, Ibaco and have become popular choices across the country.

96.23% of our sales comes from consumers alone - which goes to show the level of trust they place in the company. We also have a healthy global presence with dairy ingredients exported to 38 countries around the world - primarily in America, the Middle East and South Asian markets.

Our key focus is on delivering quality, and to that end, we have a technically advanced system that works in accordance with a time-tested business processes across our 16 plants.

In an effort to cater to the dairy requirements of a greater number of families, we are always on the lookout for markets waiting to be discovered. In that regard, we will be looking to expand to other states this year, like Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Maharashtra. This is made possible by the overwhelming feedback from our consumers about the quality of our products. As always, we are grateful for their appreciation, and will continue to develop our products aided by our prolific Research & Development team."""
Kirloskar Oil En...,4.0,(642 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 69 more",77 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Incorporated in 1946, KOEL is the flagship company of the Kirloskar group. We have four state-of-the-art manufacturing units in India that offer world-class service. The company has a sizable presence in international markets, with offices in Dubai, South Africa, and Kenya, and representatives in Indonesia and Nigeria. KOEL also has a strong distribution network throughout the Middle East and Africa."
Tietoevry,4.2,(641 Reviews),Public,Helsinki + 6 more,55 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In a rapidly changing world, technology is everything. It's in the fabric of society. In every part of every business. At the very heart of human evolution. It’s a great power that comes with great responsibility. 

At Tietoevry, we believe it’s time to shift perspective. It’s not about what technology can do anymore — but what it should. So that the futures of businesses, societies, and humanity can live and thrive. Side by side. This is why we're making it our business to create purposeful technology that reinvents the world for good. 

https://www.tietoevry.com/in/ 

#purposefultechnology #Tietoevry"
Ceasefire Indust...,3.3,(640 Reviews),Private,Noida + 64 more,21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ceasefire is a fast-growing global brand that protects millions of people across the world, every single day. For decades now, we've pioneered fire safety in India, through firefighting systems and technologies that are unique to Ceasefire, and built at the very forefront of new-age technology. For over 25 years, Ceasefire has successfully manufactured, tested and sold hundreds of thousands of extinguishers - in India and other parts of the world."
JSW Cement,4.1,(639 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 88 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are present across the value chain of building materials comprising cement, concrete, and construction chemicals. This gives us a unique advantage to cater to the diverse needs of the construction industry with premium, high-quality and eco-friendly products.

We use byproducts from the steel industry as a raw materials to manufacture green cement, thereby ensuring a more sustainable future for the next generation. Capable marketing and service teams always go the extra mile to meet customer expectations within the shortest time. We leverage digital tools, mobile tech, and conversational commerce interventions, with a strong growth plan. Our target is to become a company with a 25 MTPA production capacity by 2023. All current business investments are driven to achieve this goal.

Our business vision has been acknowledged through various awards, Greentech Energy Conservation Award 2021 by Greentech Foundation, Iconic Brand 2021 and Best Infrastructure Brand 2021 by Economic Times, and Significant Achievement in Environment Management in CII ITC Sustainability Awards 2020 to Nandyal plant, among others."
TE Connectivity,4.1,(638 Reviews),Private,"Schaffhausen,Schaffhausen + 8 more",82 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Solutions that power electric vehicles, aircraft, digital factories, and smart homes. Innovation that enables life-saving medical care, sustainable communities, efficient utility networks, and the global communications infrastructure. For more than 75 years, we have partnered with customers to produce highly engineered connectivity and sensing products that make a connected world possible. Our focus on reliability and durability, our commitment to progress, and the unmatched range of our product portfolio enables companies large and small to turn ideas into technology that can transform how the world works and lives tomorrow."
Sunknowledge Ser...,4.3,(638 Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 2 more",17 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Sunknowledge Services Inc. is an award-winning, global Knowledge Process Outsourcing ( KPO) services provider dedicated to delivering superior, proprietary technologies, workflow, and business processes that exceed clients' expectations and enhance their brand image. We are focused on providing operational enhancements while significantly reducing our client's operations and payer costs, in addition to the risks associated with health plan administration. Leading DMEs across the country rely on Sunknowledge's expertise in flawless medical billing and coding. We are honored to be recognized and awarded consistently for our impactful contributions to the Healthcare industry. We are trusted by several leading Healthcare providers across: DME, HME, Orthotics & Prosthetics, Hospitals, Urgent Care, Skilled Nursing Facilities, Ambulatory Services, Specialty Clinics & Pharmacies, Physician Practices, Cardiology Nursing Homes, Dermatology Groups, Radiology Centers and a lot more! Sunknowledge Services Inc provides the best in the class infrastructure of expert professionals, flawless quality-oriented processes at a very competitive service charge. We provide end-to-end Health Care Insurance Administration with services that include Clinical Services, Medication Therapy Management, Pharmacy Helpdesk, Provider Support, Claims Processing, Utilization Management, Enrollment & Dis-enrollment Services, Customer Service, Invoicing, Billing, Collections, Legal Services, IT Support, & Risk Analysis. To ensure strong cyber-security and regulated processes, we've taken all the right measures. • We are 100% HIPAA & HITECH compliant • We are certified with ISO 9001:2015 for the Quality Management System • We've been awarded ISO 27001:2013 certification for Information Security Management processes"
Hathway,3.8,(638 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 43 more",64 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hathway Cable & Datacom Limited (Hathway) is one of the India’s leading Cable Broadband service provider. It also provides Cable Television services through its wholly owned subsidiary – Hathway Digital Private Limited, which is one of the largest Multisystem operator in India. Hathway vision is to be a single point access provider, bringing into the home and work place a converged world of information, entertainment and services."
Infogain,3.7,(636 Reviews),Private,"Los Gatos,California + 12 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Infogain is a Silicon Valley headquartered company with software platform engineering and deep domain expertise in travel, retail, insurance and high technology. We accelerate the delivery of digital customer engagement systems using digital technologies such as cloud, microservices, robotic process automation and artificial intelligence to our clients.Our unique engagement approach of “Listen-Curate-Deliver” helps to accelerate the innovation journey of 5 of the world’s largest 50 companies and 24 of the Fortune 500, with several relationships of over 10 years..We deliver positive business outcomes using rapid prototyping and a solid foundation of DevOps-based software platform engineering that ensure high-quality and on-time delivery."
JK Lakshmi Cemen...,4.2,(677 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 92 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"JK Lakshmi Cement Limited is a part of over 132 years old   JK Organisation. An eminent industrial house, with operations in India and abroad and having a leadership presence in the fields of tyre, cement, paper, power transmissions and sealing solutions, dairy products and textiles.

JK Lakshmi Cement (JKLC) was set up in 1982– in a village in District Sirohi, Rajasthan. Today, the company stands tall with an annual turnover of about Rs. 3000 Crores and an impressive production of 13.30 million tonnes per annum.

JK Lakshmi Cement is the strength behind structures that India is proud of – Indra Gandhi Nahar Pariyojna, Sardar Sarovar Project, Golden Quadrilateral , Mundra and Kandla Port stands to name a few. It partners India’s leading corporations such as L&T, Reliance, NTPC and Essar to create the new India’s success story. It is the brand choice across all section of customers such as housing projects, roads and bridges , airports , factories and as well as the individual house builder (IHB). Behind these numbers and achievements lies a story of grit, perseverance and a thirst to excel through innovations in products ,using world-class technology , excellence in manufacturing by being the least cost producer , a robust marketing and distribution network ; and the heart to give the society an opportunity to grow."
TCS iON,3.8,(634 Reviews),Mumbai + 72 more,12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"TCS iON is a strategic unit of Tata Consultancy Services focused on Manufacturing Industries (SMB), Educational Institutions and Examination Boards. TCS iON provides technology by means of a unique IT-as-a-Service model, offering end-to-end business solutions. It caters to the needs of multiple industry segments, through innovative, easy-to-use, secured, integrated, hosted solutions in a build-as-you-grow, pay-as-you-use business model. TCS iON serves its clients with the help of best practices gained through TCS' global experience, domestic market reach, skills, and delivery capabilities. TCS iON's Cloud Based Solution is highly modular, scalable and configurable giving businesses and educational institutions the benefits of increased efficiencies, faster go to market, predictability of technology as well as spend and better business results."
Shriram Life Ins...,4.0,(634 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 181 more",18 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"The Shriram Life Insurance Company was founded with the objective of reaching out to the “common man” with products and services that would be helpful to him as he sets out on the path to “prosperity”.

Operational efficiency, integrity and a strong focus on catering to the needs of the average Indian , by offering him high quality and cost-effective products and services, are the core values that drive the organisation. These values have been strongly adhered to over the decades and are now an integral part of the organisation’s DNA.

The company prides itself on its deep understanding of the customer. Each product or service is tailor-made to specifically suit the needs of the customer. It is this guiding philosophy of putting people first that has brought the group company closer to the grassroots and has made it the preferred choice for all truck financing requirements amongst the customers."
FastInfo,4.6,(928 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 5 more",4 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"FastInfo , is one of the leading online platforms which came into limelight in a very short period of time. It became one of the leading online sectors of providing many services in online.

Read our success story @ Zee News: https://bit.ly/ZeeNewsOLI"
Hyundai Mobis,3.8,(633 Reviews),Private,"Kanchipuram,Tamil Nadu + 34 more",6 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Founded in 1977, Hyundai Mobis has been an automotive parts manufacturer  that achieves continuous development.  By offering top-quality products, technologies and services, Hyundai Mobis strengthened its position in the automotive parts industry  to become the sixth largest global automotive parts suppliers in 2015. We will continue to strengthen the foundation for sustainable growth  through meeting challenges to become a global top tier, while also creating shared values with all of our stakeholders and share these created values."
Schindler,4.0,(632 Reviews),Pune + 45 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Next Education I...,3.6,(630 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 71 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 2007, Next Education is a fast-growing, technology-driven company revolutionising the education system in India. Every day, our innovative products and solutions transform the lives of 10% of India’s private-school-going children.More than 12,000,000 students from various socio-cultural backgrounds study in 12,000 partner schools across the country."
Adobe,4.4,(630 Reviews),Public,"San Jose,California + 12 more",26 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Adobe is the global leader in digital media and digital marketing solutions. Our creative, marketing and document solutions empower everyone – from emerging artists to global brands – to bring digital creations to life and deliver immersive, compelling experiences to the right person at the right moment for the best results. In short, Adobe is everywhere, and we’re changing the world through digital experiences."
Shubham Housing ...,4.2,(629 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 89 more",13 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Shubham is a leader in providing housing finance solutions to those with informal incomes. We are amongst the first organisations in India to transcend from document-based underwriting to customized credit programs for each customer and have become a leading home loan provider at low interest.

Our motto is to help build happy homes for those who are outside the formal income circle. We do this by extensively engaging our customers in a discussion about their life story - where they come from, what they do, how they earn, spend and save. Taking a holistic view of the customers and their nod on what they can pay every month as an EMI, we introduce them to the world of formal housing finance - solutions that best fit what they need.

With the sole purpose of offering customised and affordable housing finance solutions, we believe everyone deserves a better and safer home to call their own."
Nirma,4.3,(629 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 47 more",33 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Nirma is a group of companies based in the city of Ahmedabad in Gujarat, India that manufactures products ranging from Cements, cosmetics, soaps, detergents, salt, soda ash, LAB and Injectables. Nirma is one of the few names - which is instantly recognized as a true Indian brand, which took on mighty multinationals and rewrote the marketing rules to win the heart of princess, i.e. the consumer. Nirma, the proverbial ‘Rags to Riches’ saga of Dr. Karsanbhai Patel, is a classic example of the success of Indian entrepreneurship in the face of stiff competition. Starting as a one-man operation in 1969, today, it has about 18,000+ employee-base and annual turnover is more than 7,000 Crores INR. India is a one of the largest consumer economy, with burgeoning middle class pie. In such a widespread, diverse marketplace, Nirma aptly concentrated all its efforts towards creating and building a strong consumer preference towards its ‘value-for-money’ products."
Schaeffler India,4.2,(627 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 17 more",77 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Schaeffler with four plants and 19 sales offices has significant presence in India with three major widely known product brands - FAG, INA and LuK.
The manufacturing plant in Vadodara, Gujarat was set up in 1964 and produces a vast range of ball bearings, cylindrical roller bearings, and spherical roller bearing and wheel bearings and sold under the brand name of FAG. The second plant in Vadodara at Savli produces next generation deep groove ball bearings and large size roller bearings also sold under the name of FAG.
Schaeffler’s third state-of-the-art plant is located at Talegaon near Pune, and manufactures engine and transmission components for front accessory drive system, chain drive systems, valve train, shift systems and a range of needle roller bearings and elements, under the brand INA.
The fourth manufacturing location is based out of Hosur, producing clutch systems and dual mass flywheels for passenger cars, light commercial vehicles, heavy commercial vehicles and tractors which are sold under the brand of LuK. In addition to this, Schaeffler also has dedicated engineering, research and development support based in India to augment the product teams. Schaeffler also has among the largest after-market networks serving the industrial and automotive markets."""
Indegene,3.7,(626 Reviews),Private,Princeton + 15 more,25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a technology-led healthcare solutions provider. We combine deep industry expertise with fit-for-purpose technology in an agile and scalable operating model. Many of the leading global healthcare organizations rely on us to deliver effective and efficient clinical, medical, and commercial outcomes every day. From strategy to execution, we enable healthcare organizations to be future-ready.

Driven by the passion to improve people’s lives and subsequently, business outcomes, we continue to push technology-backed efforts with a high success rate.

Our ability to commercialize innovation has earned us multiple industry recognitions. We also believe collaboration is essential to proceed in the right direction."
Rockman Industri...,3.7,(625 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 26 more",63 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Rockman Industries, formerly Rockman Cycles limited, is an Indian auto components manufacturer, based in New Delhi, India. The company is one of India’s largest auto component manufacturers."
Novo Nordisk,4.0,(624 Reviews),Private,"New York City,New York + 51 more",100 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Novo Nordisk, we are driving change to defeat diabetes and other serious chronic diseases.

Novo Nordisk is a global healthcare company with more than 95 years of innovation and leadership in diabetes care. This heritage has given us experience and capabilities that also enable us to help people defeat other serious chronic diseases: haemophilia, growth disorders and obesity.

Headquartered in Denmark, Novo Nordisk employs approximately 42,200 people in 80 countries and markets its products in more than 170 countries."
VIP Industries,4.1,(623 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 73 more",52 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"For over 50 years, VIP has revolutionized the luggage and travel categories with continuous product innovations, adherence to quality and international aesthetics. Along the way, VIP has evolved from being a Travel Gear company to a Travel Wear pioneer.

At the helm of this journey has been Mr. Dilip G. Piramal, Chairman and Ms. Radhika Piramal, Executive Vice Chairperson. Under their able leadership, VIP has grown from strength to strength. From a household name in India to becoming a category leader in Asia and now the second largest luggage maker in the world.

The secret of VIP’s success is constant innovation in tune with the changing design trends and consumer needs. Today our universe, apart from VIP, includes stellar brands like Carlton, Skybags, Aristocrat, Alfa and Caprese. It is no surprise that VIP is a consumer favorite and an undisputed leader in the luggage category.    

Our manufacturing and distribution capabilities distinguish us. With cutting-edge facilities, VIP’s manufacturing plants, 2 in India and 7 in Bangladesh, are fully equipped to produce the most modern luggage. Our strong distribution network gives easy access to VIP luggage anywhere in India via 11,000 points of sale across exclusive stores, multi-brand stores, large format retail, defense canteens and e-commerce. By exporting to more than 60 countries, VIP has established its global status.

Behind VIP’s dominance is our talented workforce. Inspired by VIP’s values of youthfulness, meritocracy, entrepreneurship & innovation and core tenets of open communication, transparency and agility, our people are always in pursuit of taking VIP to new heights. A commitment naturally born out of a work environment that nurtures sincerity, dynamism, acceptance of cultures and pride of work. Truly, the VIP workplace culture is the engine that drives its global success."
OM Logistics,4.1,(620 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 88 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At OM Logistics, we provide you with nonpareil solutions to expand your reach to every corner you desire. We combine our deep understanding of the customer’s internal & external requirement with our strategic approach, providing a one-stop solution to get your brand on the go. Our approach focuses on how we deliver operational excellence to provide viable, cost-effective technology-enabled solutions to the most challenging logistics & supply chain management questions. We reciprocate through our work entirely with a progressive mindset. “YOU TRUST US, WE CARE”. Whether a small, medium or a large business, we cater to every technological need for your business with a modern touch, keeping the world in motion."
Karvy Stock Brok...,3.5,(619 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 97 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Karvy Group is today a well diversified conglomerate. Its businesses straddle the entire financial services spectrum as well as data processing and managing segments. Since most of its financial services were retail focused, the need to build scale and skill in the transaction processing domain became imperative. Also during stressed environment in the financial services segment, the non financial businesses bring in a lot of stability to the group’s businesses.Karvy’s financial services business is ranked among the top-5 in the country across its business segments. The Group services over 70 million individual investors in various capacities, and provides investor services to over 600 corporate houses, comprising the best of Corporate India."
PNC Infratech,4.0,(618 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 63 more",24 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We are one of the front ending Indian infrastructure construction, development and management companies in the country, with wide experience and proven expertise in the execution of major infrastructure projects, including highways, bridges, flyovers, power transmission lines, airport runways, industrial area development and other infrastructure activities with an established track record of successful execution of projects across sectors and geographies. We provide end-to-end infrastructure implementation solutions that include engineering, procurement and construction (""EPC"") services on a fixed-sum turnkey basis as well as on an item rate basis. We also execute and implement projects on a ""Design-Build- Finance-Operate-Transfer"" (""DBFOT""), Operate-Maintain-Transfer (""OMT"") and other PPP formats. We are one of the very few infrastructure companies in the country that have proven investment, development, construction and management capabilitieWe are one of the front ending Indian infrastructure construction, development and management companies in the country, with wide experience and proven expertise in the execution of major infrastructure projects, including highways, bridges, flyovers, power transmission lines, airport runways, industrial area development and other infrastructure activities with an established track record of successful execution of projects across sectors and geographies. We provide end-to-end infrastructure implementation solutions that include engineering, procurement and construction (""EPC"") services on a fixed-sum turnkey basis as well as on an item rate basis. We also execute and implement projects on a ""Design-Build- Finance-Operate-Transfer"" (""DBFOT""), Operate-Maintain-Transfer (""OMT"") and other PPP formats. We are one of the very few infrastructure companies in the country that have proven investment, development, construction and management capabilitie"
Parexel Internat...,4.2,(618 Reviews),Private,Massachusetts + 6 more,41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The heart of all we do
Trialing new treatments. Advancing healthcare. Reinventing medicine as we know it. When you join us, you’re joining a team that sees everything they do as an opportunity to transform the world for patients everywhere. That’s because when our employees come together with the drive to tackle a new challenge, there’s no limit to what they can accomplish.

That kind of innovation calls for more than skill. It requires a team of different perspectives working together to understand patients – who they are, and what they need. It demands the flexibility to build our best selves outside of work, so we can bring them to work.

Because what we will always remember is that at the center of clinical research is a patient whose life could change – forever – thanks to us doing what we do. And together, we’ll do it With Heart™."
Unicharm,4.2,(621 Reviews),Private,"Mita,Tokyo + 113 more",62 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Unicharm Corporation is a Japanese company that manufactures disposable hygiene products, household cleaning products, specializing in the manufacture of diapers for both babies and adult incontinence, feminine hygiene products and pet care products.The company has operations in 80 countries and is a market leader in Asia in baby and feminine care products. It holds the top share of diaper sales in China, Indonesia, Vietnam and Thailand"
Decathlon,4.1,(617 Reviews),Private,Lille + 57 more,47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Decathlon Sports was founded in 1976 in France. We aim to make the pleasure and benefit of sports accessible to everyone across the globe and we do that by providing world-class products both for enthusiastic beginners as well as passionate professionals at extremely affordable prices.
In India, it is our aim to do our best to help Indians play more by paying less for their sports equipment. It is our commitment to attract and nurture talent to create growth opportunities in-sync with our progress in India. 
Decathlon Sports has been present in India for more than 10 years and our first cash and carry flagship store was set up in May 2009 at Sarjapur in Bangalore. As of September 26th 2018, we are at 65 stores spread across India with further"
Karvy Computersh...,3.7,(617 Reviews),Hyderabad/Secunderabad + 59 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Patra Corporatio...,3.7,(617 Reviews),Private,"El Dorado Hills,California + 9 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Patra powers insurance processing by leveraging people and technology, supporting insurance organizations as they sell, deliver and manage policies and customers. Patra’s team of global experts allow brokers, MGAs, wholesalers and carriers to capture the Patra Advantage – profitable growth and organizational value. This is accomplished through the deployment of Patra’s proprietary Insurance Process Delivery System – an integrated portfolio of outsourced services, insurance specific workflows and technology"
Nilkamal,3.9,(719 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 82 more",42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In 1980, we started manufacturing plastic furniture which helped establish our foothold for our business venture in the industry. It then turned into the legacy of two first generation entrepreneurs, Mr. Vamanrai Parekh (Chairman & Co-founder of Nilkamal Ltd.) and Mr. Sharad Parekh (Managing Director & Co-founder of Nilkamal Ltd.). Our business has diversified into various product lines in which it is familiar with and has perfected it. Nilkamal Limited is listed on the National Stock Exchange and the Bombay Stock Exchange since 1991. Our turnover exceeds INR. 2093cr (The Plastics Division) as of FY 18/19. We have 9 manufacturing plants including Sri Lanka."
AstraZeneca,4.2,(615 Reviews),Public,"Cambridge,Cambridgeshire + 32 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a global, science-led biopharmaceutical business and our innovative medicines are used by millions of patients worldwide."
FLSmidth,3.8,(612 Reviews),Private,"Copenhagen,Valby + 18 more",141 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With our unique combination of technology, process knowledge and services, we help our customers in the cement and mining industries drive success through sustainable productivity. Our ability to take a life-cycle perspective, not only for the products we supply, but also for our customers’ plants and sites, enables us to provide industry-leading solutions with a low total cost of ownership and reduced environmental impact.

We meet our customers and their needs exactly where they are. Whether it’s specific equipment or an entire processing plant, we can deliver a tailored solution for our customers, making us a full service provider.

We primarily operate in the mining and cement industries, and though each is distinct, there are considerable commonalities and synergies between the two. Our involvement in both industries gives us the unique advantage of sharing resources and best practices.

Further, we deliver a variety of products, solutions and services to adjacent industries with similarities to cement and mining, like chemicals, food and pharmaceuticals, water treatment and power utilities.Further, we deliver a variety of products, solutions and services to adjacent industries with similarities to cement and mining, like chemicals, food & pharmaceuticals, water treatment and power utilities.

The intersection of productivity and sustainability is where success lies today. We strive to enable our business partners and customers to generate profitable returns and value-creating growth, while always maintaining sustainability as a priority."
Colgate Palmoliv...,4.3,(611 Reviews),Public,"New York,New York + 82 more",86 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Every day, millions of consumers around the world trust our products to care for themselves and the ones they love. 

Colgate-Palmolive is a global company serving people in over 200 countries and territories with consumer products that make their lives healthier and more enjoyable. Colgate manufactures and markets oral care, personal care, home care and pet nutrition products under such internationally recognized brand names as Colgate, Palmolive, Speed Stick, Lady Speed Stick, Softsoap, Irish Spring, Protex, Sorriso, Kolynos, elmex, Tom’s of Maine, Sanex, Ajax, Axion, Fabuloso, Soupline and Suavitel, as well as Hill’s Science Diet, Hill’s Prescription Diet and Hill’s Ideal Balance."
CADD Centre Trai...,4.0,(611 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 112 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"As Asia's biggest network of CAD training centers, CADD Centre Training Services is the training arm of the 30-year-old CADD Centre Group, head quartered at Chennai, India. 
Founded in the year 1988, we have grown today as Asia's biggest network of skill training provider in Computer Aided Design (CAD), Computer Aided Engineering (CAE), and Project Management. We host a wide array of courses, certifications, placement assistance and career planning tools to help students get the most from their education.
Under the guidance of renowned administrators, directors, and faculty, CADD Centre Training Services recently marked its 30 years of excellence. We have also proudly crossed milestones having over 1000+ franchise outlets across 30+ countries during this time span."
Ruchi Soya Indus...,4.1,(611 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 94 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Featuring among the top five FMCG players in India, Ruchi Soya Industries Limited (Ruchi Soya) is a leading manufacturer and India’s largest marketer of healthier edible oils, soya food, premium table spread, vanaspati and bakery fats. It is also the highest exporter of soya meal, lecithin and other food ingredients from India. Established in 1986, Ruchi Soya has emerged as an integrated player, from farm to fork with secured access to oil palm plantations in India and other key regions of the world. Ruchi soya has access with exclusive oil procurement rights to over two lakh hectares of land in India with a potential of oil palm cultivation"
TK Elevator,4.1,(1.4k Reviews),Private,Essen + 61 more,28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In just a few decades, we’ve become one of the world’s leading elevator companies with unique engineering capabilities.
When done well, urban mobility drives down congestion, pollution, stress and energy consumption. Our innovative, efficient and reliable passenger transportation systems are key to getting it right in cities. Whether building a new state-of-the-art system or modernizing an existing one, our products deliver crucial energy and time efficiencies."
Pizza Hut,4.1,(610 Reviews),Private,"Plano,Texas + 81 more",65 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"There’s nothing cookie-cutter about Pizza Hut. Not our pizzas. Not our people. And definitely not the way we live life. Around here, we don’t settle for anything less than food we’re proud to serve. And we don’t just clock in. Not when we can also become our best, make friends, and have fun while we’re at it. We’re the pizza company that lives life unboxed. We’re not for people who want to blend in: pushing boundaries is part of our heritage. We have more than 16,000 restaurants and 350,000 team members in more than 100 countries. Whether it’s the original Stuffed Crust or putting a pizza in outer space, we never stop driving ourselves to deliver hot pizzas, fast every time – anywhere you want to enjoy it."
Kirloskar Brothe...,4.0,(649 Reviews),Public,Pune + 47 more,135 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Kirloskar Brothers Limited (KBL) is a world class pump manufacturing company with expertise in engineering and manufacture of fluid management systems. Established in 1888 and incorporated in 1920, KBL is the flagship company of the $ 2.1 billion Kirloskar Group. KBL provides complete fluid management solutions for large infrastructure projects in the areas of water supply, power plants, irrigation, oil & gas and marine & defence. KBL manufactures industrial, agriculture & domestic pumps, valves and hydro turbines. 

In 2003 KBL acquired SPP Pumps, United Kingdom and established SPP Inc., Atlanta, USA, as a wholly owned subsidiary of SPP, UK; In 2007, Kirloskar Brothers International B.V., The Netherlands and Kirloskar Brothers (Thailand) Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary in Thailand were incorporated. In 2008, KBL incorporated Kirloskar Brothers Europe BV (Kirloskar Pompen BV since June 2014), a JV between Kirloskar Brothers International BV and Industrial Pump Group, The Netherlands. In 2010 KBL acquired Braybar Pumps, South Africa. SPP MENA was established in Egypt in 2012. KBL has a JV with Ebara Corporation, Japan since 1988 for the manufacture of API 610 standard pumps. Kirloskar Corrocoat Private Limited is joint venture cooperation with Corrocoat Ltd., UK since 2006. KBL acquired The Kolhapur Steel Limited in 2007 and Hematic Motors in 2010. In 2014, KBL acquired Syncro Flo. Inc. In 2015, Kirloskar Pompen B.V. acquired Rodelta Pumps International, The Netherlands.

KBL has eight manufacturing facilities in India at Kirloskarvadi, Dewas, Kondhapuri, Shirval, Sanand, Kaniyur, Kolhapur and Karad. and seven manufacturing and packaging facilities in Egypt, South Africa, Thailand, The Netherlands, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom and United States of America. 

KBL is the only pump manufacturing company in India and ninth in the world to be accredited with the N and NPT certification by ASME."
Aarvee Associate...,3.8,(608 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 100 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aarvee Associates is a premier, ISO 9001:2008 certified multi-disciplinary engineering consulting company, established in 1989 and based at Hyderabad in India. We have a pan-India presence, with branch offices in New Delhi,Ahmedabad and Bhubaneshwar, and project offices in all the major states across the country. We also have a wholly-owned Australian subsidiary, Aarvee Associates Pty Ltd, based at Brisbane, Queensland.
In addition to over 1,500 successful assignments in India, we have carried out projects in Australia, Bangladesh, Ethiopia, Gabon, Mozambique, Nigeria, South Africa, Sri Lanka, and Uganda. We have worked on projects funded by various international agencies including the World Bank, the Asian Development Bank (ADB), the Department for International Development (DFID), and Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).
We have won several national and international awards for our work, including the CIDC Vishwakarma Award (2012) for the Best Professionally Managed Company in India, in the ‘Companies with Turnover Not Exceeding One Billion Indian Rupees’ category.
With over 2,500 highly qualified and experienced staff, our expertise spans all the major civil engineering disciplines and infrastructure sectors. We also have a full-fledged material investigation laboratory and excellent in-house survey capabilities, both of which add considerable value to our work."
Thomas Cook,3.9,(605 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 68 more",142 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Thomas Cook Ltd. is an Indian travel agency, headquartered in Mumbai, India. It offers a range of travel services including Foreign Exchange, International and Domestic Holidays, Visa, Passport, Travel Insurance and MICE."
Fidelity Investm...,4.4,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Boston,Massachusetts + 10 more",77 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"At Fidelity, our goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We do this by focusing on a diverse set of customers: - from 23 million people investing their life savings, to 20,000 businesses managing their employee benefits to 10,000 advisors needing innovative technology to invest their clients’ money. We offer investment management, retirement planning, portfolio guidance, brokerage, and many other financial products. 

Privately held for nearly 70 years, we’ve always believed by providing investors with access to the information and expertise, we can help them achieve better results. That’s been our approach- innovative yet personal, compassionate yet responsible, grounded by a tireless work ethic—it is the heart of the Fidelity way."
Ion Exchange Ind...,3.9,(604 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 64 more",59 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Ion Exchange India, we bring you total environment solutions - water treatment, liquid waste treatment & recycle, air pollution control, solid & hazardous waste management and generation of energy from waste."
Pricol,4.0,(664 Reviews),Public,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 19 more",48 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Pricol Limited is one of India’s leading automotive technology and precision-engineered products manufacturers, headquartered in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India. Commencing operations in 1975, the company has evolved into a reputed global brand in the automotive technology and products segments. Pricol is a preferred partner to top automotive Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) across the world.

The Company’s operations span a wide variety of segments, viz, Driver Information Systems (DIS), Sensors, Pumps, Allied Products, Telematics, and Wiping Systems. More than 2,000+ product variants are supplied to leading automotive OEMs in the Two-/Three-Wheelers, Passenger Vehicles, Commercial Vehicles, Farm Equipment, and Off-road Vehicles space across India and in International Markets (45+ countries). 

Today, the Company has 9 manufacturing plants across India (Coimbatore, Manesar, Pantnagar, Pune, Sricity and Satara), 1 manufacturing unit in Indonesia, and 2 international offices (Tokyo and Singapore). 

Pricol Group is powered by a 5,000+ strong, dedicated workforce that resolutely pursues the mission to be PASSIONATE, SUSTAINABLE, DYNAMIC, and EVOLVING. The logo addresses the synergistic relationship between the four stakeholders ―Customers, Employees, Shareholders, and Suppliers ― working in a convergent mode to create value for each other."
Capacit'e Infrap...,3.7,(627 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",11 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are boutique construction company, providing high quality services in every domain of our operations. We strive to achieve this by ensuring that we have a motivated work force and following acceptable quality standards in operations, management and client relationships, which we believe leads to value creation for all stakeholders.

The objectives of our operations include (a) optimization of time, cost and investment, (b) compliance with statutory, contractual and procedural requirements, and (c) client satisfaction.

We are focused on building a motivated team of people by way of training, incentives and recognitions. The learning and development programmes cover leadership and personal productivity topics that are aimed to enable the individual goals to be aligned with the organisational goals. As people and systems complement each other, we have established processes on the construction industry specific Buildsmart ERP platform and with internal controls in place for financial reporting."
C&S Electric,4.0,(602 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 40 more",57 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"C&S Electric was founded in 1966, with a dream to be a company that plays a vital role in the development of the power infrastructure of India and makes the “Made in India” label respected the world over.

Today we can satisfactorily claim that we live and continue to develop this vision every day.

Over the last several years C&S has been associated with the introduction of the newest technologies in the field of power management solutions in India – and it is this culture of innovation and excellence that has made us among the most trusted and preferred brands in our field both in India and globally. Our ability to be close to our customers and be flexible to their requirements is what has allowed us to punch above our size, despite operating in a market dominated by global giants.

Our people are our biggest assets. Thus, it is our endeavor to create a transparent and flat environment for people to challenge perceived wisdom and take ownership of their activities. 

It is for this reason that teams in C&S feel empowered to stretch their boundaries and grow as individuals, while senior people from larger organizations are happy to join us and explore their untapped strengths.

Our manufacturing plants are equipped with the best machinery, technologies, and systems to rival the best facilities anywhere in the world. Our vast network of distributors and agents in India and across the globe act like our extended arms to ensure the highest level of customer satisfaction.

India is poised for significant growth and ready to carve its place in the global economic landscape – we at C&S are well-positioned to be an integral part of this journey."
Sundaram Finance,4.3,(601 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 178 more",69 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sundaram Finance was established in 1954 when Sri T. S. Santhanam, the Founder, envisioned the future of hire-purchase finance in India. The company was started with a paid-up capital of Rs. 2 Lakhs and promoted by Madras Motor & General Insurance Company which was then one of the leading insurance companies in India prior to nationalisation in 1971.

Started with the primary objective of financing the purchase of commercial vehicles, the company, has today grown into one of the most trusted financial services groups in India. It has a nation-wide presence of nearly 640 branches, over two lakh depositors and three lakh commercial vehicle and car finance customers.

Today, Sundaram Finance Limited has a diversified presence in Mutual Funds, Housing Finance, General Insurance, IT, Business Process Outsourcing and Retail Distribution of a wide array of financial services and products.

Sundaram Finance embraces a philosophy that combines Growth, Quality and Profitability and remains rooted to its ideal of protecting and enhancing shareholder value. The founding philosophy of the company is that everything begins with the customer and the very genesis of the company was a response to a widely felt need among road transport operators for a fair and reasonable dispensation of financial assistance. Our Founder, Late Sri T S Santhanam, enshrined in the company, the core values which we call - The Sundaram Way - that have been our guiding light, through the decades. While we are deeply rooted in our values and proud of our heritage, we are also constantly innovating in terms of technology and processes to deliver the unique Sundaram Experience."
Future Supply Ch...,4.3,(599 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 56 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are one of India’s largest organised third-party supply chain and logistics service provider. We offer automated and IT-enabled warehousing, distribution and other logistics solutions to a wide range of customers. Our service offerings, warehousing structure, pan-India distribution network,” hub-and-spoke” transportation model and automated technology systems support our competitive market position. Our customers operate in various sectors across India, including retail, fashion and apparel, automotive and engineering, food and beverage, fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG), e-commerce, healthcare, electronics and technology, home and furniture and ATMs.We provide solutions that enable our customers to leverage our distribution network and optimise performance, cost and efficiency of their supply chains, shortening lead-time to market. We offer our customers services in three key areas:Contract Logistics : warehousing, distribution and other value-added servicesExpress Logistics : point-to-point, less-than truck-load, time-definite transportation servicesTemperature-Controlled Logistics : cold-chain warehousing, transportation solutions and long-haul distribution of perishable productsWe are promoted by Future Enterprises Limited, which is promoted by Kishore Biyani."
Yashoda Hospital...,4.0,(599 Reviews),Private,"Ghaziabad,Uttar Pradesh + 17 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Yashoda Super Specialty Hospital is a tertiary care hospital with focus on providing world class and holistic healthcare services with excellence in multi specialties to treat patients with respect, compassion, dignity and ensuring their safety by complying with all legal requirements & significant environmental aspects to maintain adherence with NABH standards through continuous quality improvement."
Gmmco,4.2,(598 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 70 more",56 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1967, Gmmco - a CK Birla Group company - has been engaged in the sale and support of construction and mining equipment as well as engine power systems for over four decades now."
QualityKiosk Tec...,3.9,(598 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 11 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"QualityKiosk Technologies is one of the world’s largest independent software Quality Assurance Providers and pioneers in performance testing in India. It was founded in the year 2000 by IIT-Kanpur graduates. The company offers end-to-end digital and enterprise quality assurance solutions for banking, financial services, insurance, retail, e-commerce, government, automotive and telecom verticals."
Punjab National ...,4.1,(598 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 132 more",129 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"“Fired by the spirit of nationalism and founded on the idea that Indians should have a national bank of their own, which would further the economic interest of the country, Punjab National Bank Ltd was the result of the efforts of far-sighted visionaries and patriots, among whom were persons like Lala Lajpat Rai, Mr. E C Jessawala, Babu Kali Prasono Roy, Lala Harkishan Lal and Sardar Dyal Singh Majithia. Incorporated under the Act VI of 1882, Indian Companies Act, the Bank commenced operations on April 12, 1895 from Lahore.Since inception, PNB has always been a ""People's bank""​ serving millions of people throughout the country and also had the proud distinction of serving great national leaders like Sarvshri Jawahar Lal Nehru, Gobind Ballabh Pant, Lal Bahadur Shastri, Rafi Ahmed Kidwai, Smt. Indira Gandhi etc. amongst other who banked with us.Bank has spread its offerings and has grown as technology driven bank with products & services to meet the aspirations of every segment of customers.With more than 122 years of strong existence and a network of 6950 Domestic Branches, 10502 ATMs as on 31st March 2017, Punjab National Bank is serving more than 10 crore esteemed customers. PNB, being one of the largest Nationalised Bank, has continued to provide prudent and trustworthy banking services to its customers. The bank enjoys strong fundamentals, large franchise value and good brand image.With the mission of ""Creating Value for all its customers, Investors and Employees for being the first choice for all stakeholders""​ its presence across India is a strong brand; “The name you can bank upon”."
GAMMON INDIA,3.9,(1.1k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 63 more",101 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Gammon India is built on a legacy that has stood the test of time. Technological and design excellence, and a discerning eye for quality and safety are some of the characteristics that distinguish Gammon’s tradition for perfection in its areas of operation.

Gammon India is amongst the largest physical infrastructure construction companies in India. Its track record spans significant landmark projects built over several decades, with a prominent presence across all sectors of civil , design and construction. It has a track record of building landmark structures, some of which have become iconic. This includes’ The Gateway of India’, the piling and civil foundation work for which was successfully executed by Gammon as its maiden project way back in 1919."
Perfetti Van Mel...,4.3,(597 Reviews),Private,Lainate + 97 more,22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Perfetti Van Melle was established in March 2001 when Perfetti Spa acquired Van Melle, creating the world’s third largest global confectionery company. In 2006 Perfetti Van Melle acquired the Spanish company Chupa Chup"
C.R.I. Pumps,3.9,(593 Reviews),Private,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 49 more",62 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"C.R.I. – the name itself encapsulates the company’s ethos: “Commitment, Reliability, Innovation”.

Being a global player in the pump industry, C.R.I. has evolved as a leader in fluid management systems with strong presence in Pumps, Valves, Pipes, IoT Drives & Controls, Wires & cables, Solar Systems and Motors. C.R.I has over 6000 products catering to the flow management needs across various industries like Solar, Waste Water, Building, Pharma, Oil & Gas, Chemical, Power, Machine tool, Paper & Pulp, Mining, Process Industries, Agriculture, Residential, Community water supply, Food & Beverage applications. The company has conquered the global market by extending to over 120 countries with 11 wholly owned subsidiaries. Today, C.R.I. is a brand that the world trusts when it comes to Fluid Management Solutions."
Edelweiss Tokio ...,4.1,(592 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 97 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Edelweiss Tokio Life is the first of a new generation of Insurance companies, creating its Insurance solutions around a deep understanding of the diverse financial needs of the Indian consumer. 

As a part of its customer centric corporate philosophy, Edelweiss Tokio Life Insurance has invested in understanding its potential customers; and based on this, developed a unique need-based selling approach designed to benefit consumers through all their life stages. The company ensures that whatever the life insurance solution provided to the customer, it is best suited to his need. 

The company is a joint venture between Edelweiss, one of India's leading diversified financial services companies, and Tokio Marine, one of the fastest growing Life Insurance companies in Japan. Set up with a start-up capital of INR 550 Crore, Edelweiss Tokio Life Insurance is dedicated to building a long term sustainable business focused on a consumer centric approach."
Barclays Global ...,4.2,(591 Reviews),Private,Pune + 9 more,16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Barclays Global Service Centre, India is a global capability center providing best-in-class Technology, Operations and Functions services to Barclays business(es) and customers globally. Together we stand committed to Barclays purpose of Creating opportunities to rise for our customers, colleagues and communities globally.

We take immense pride in delivering excellent experiences and outcomes to our customers and clients, building game changing innovation and working collaboratively in a control centric environment. We have also been consistently rated amongst most inclusive orgnisations globally. The most recent was Barclays in India being ranked amongst the top 10 companies for women by Working Mother Media and AVTAR.

Our achievements have been made possible by our talented and remarkable people and their unwavering commitment to bring value in the work we deliver."
Star Union Dai-i...,3.8,(591 Reviews),Government,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 137 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 2009, Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance (SUD Life) is a joint venture between two of India's leading public sector banks, Bank of India and Union Bank of India, and Dai-ichi Life Holdings, a leading life insurance company in Japan.  With a robust collective network of over 11,000 bank branches catering to more than 64 million customers, SUD Life has one of the largest life insurance distribution footprints in India. Bank of India and Union Bank of India have sponsored select Regional Rural Banks, which provides SUD Life access to more than 1950 branches that make life insurance products available in rural areas.  Established in 1902, Dai-ichi Life is the second largest life insurance company of Japan and is one of the top ten life insurers globally, renowned for sound product knowledge, superior asset management skills, and strong operational capabilities to manage life insurance businesses. At SUD Life, our customers are our priority. We are committed to providing insurance products that serve our customers’ unique needs across various strata of society and geographies. The promoters of SUD Life have a long-term commitment towards their customers and stakeholder. These strengths and values have been inherited by SUD Life, as we make our way to becoming the next rising star in the Indian life insurance business, promising exceptional value to all."
The Ramco Cement...,4.2,(590 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 66 more",62 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Ramco Cements Limited is the flagship company of the Ramco Group, a well-known business group of South India. It is headquartered at Chennai. The main product of the company is Portland cement, manufactured in eight state-of-the art production facilities that includes Integrated Cement plants and Grinding units with a current total production capacity of 16.45 MTPA (out of which Satellite Grinding units capacity alone is 4 MTPA). The company is the fifth largest cement producer in the country."
Hindustan Zinc,3.9,(590 Reviews),Public,"Udaipur,Rajasthan + 20 more",57 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hindustan Zinc is India’s largest and world’s second largest zinc-lead miner. With more than 50 years of operational experience, we give highest priority to safety of our people and conservation of scarce natural resources through technology and innovation. With reserve base of 105.7 million MT with an average zinc-lead grade of 10.5% and mineral resources of 305.6 million MT, our mine life is over 25 years. Our fully integrated zinc operations currently hold 78% market share in India’s primary zinc industry. We are among the Top 10 silver producers globally with an annual capacity of 600 MT."
Indusind Marketi...,4.1,(590 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 228 more",21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),INDUSIND MARKETING AND FINANCIAL SERVICESPRIVATE LIMITED is a financial services company
INDO-MIM,4.2,(585 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 12 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Since the time our very first part was molded in 1998, Indo-MIM has grown to become a leading global supplier of Metal Injection Molded products. Today, Indo-MIM has achieved a leadership position in the field of MIM, providing precision-engineered products to customers in more than forty five countries in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Indo-MIM is a fully integrated MIM parts producer with capabilities and proficiency in design, tooling, materials and a full range of finishing and assembly operations. CUSTOMER who is a top-most priority for Indo-MIM has been kept at all strategies. Every action is planned at Indo-MIM, as per the benefits which can be incurred by the customer and speed being the key driver, various departments across the company well align to collaborate and meet the customer requirement.  More than the performance, sustaining such excellence is a challenge and Indo-MIM with its two important elements- “people and philosophy” have been accomplishing the sustenance. Due to efficient elements existing in the company, there is an efficient connect between the customer and Indo-MIM, which facilitates seamless transfer of information to the right people in the organization and also allows the information to flow back to customer in terms of timely response and commitment."
Fluor Daniel Ind...,4.0,(584 Reviews),Private,"Irving,Texas + 15 more",111 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Fluor is one of the world's largest publicly-traded engineering, procurement, construction (EPC) and maintenance companies. Fluor works with Clients in diverse industries around the world to design, construct and maintain their capital projects."
SNC-Lavalin,4.4,(584 Reviews),Public,"Montreal,Quebec + 45 more",112 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Designing for the future is about more than predicting what it looks like. It’s about having the know-how and the expertise to turn predictions into projects that deliver results and meet ever-changing needs. That’s what we do every day: for our clients, for their customers and for the sustainable future of our business and the world we operate in.

We are SNC-Lavalin, and we are experts at mastering complexity. Using our industry know-how and leading resources, we create and deliver predictable outcomes for an unpredictable world. How do we do it? By thinking – and working – differently. From our 50 offices around the world, we connect people, technology, and data to shape the future of our industry and the world around us. It’s how we generate the knowledge, the ingenuity and the drive to meet so many of today’s most pressing challenges – from population growth and increasing transportation needs to climate change. And because we cover everything from the blueprint to delivery, across the entire lifespan of a project, you can count on us for a client experience that is smoother, smarter and more efficient. At SNC-Lavalin, we’re not just embracing change – we’re driving it."
Fluor Daniel Ind...,4.0,(584 Reviews),Private,"Irving,Texas + 15 more",111 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Fluor is one of the world's largest publicly-traded engineering, procurement, construction (EPC) and maintenance companies. Fluor works with Clients in diverse industries around the world to design, construct and maintain their capital projects."
eClinicalWorks,4.2,(583 Reviews),Private,"Westborough,Massachusetts + 9 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At eClinicalWorks, we are 5,000 employees dedicated to improving healthcare together with our customers. More than 130,000 physicians nationwide — and more than 850,000 medical professionals around the globe — rely upon us for comprehensive clinical documentation, along with solutions for Practice Management, Population Health, Patient Engagement, and Revenue Cycle Management. Privately held, and driven by innovation and excellence, we have a single focus — providing our customers with secure, cloud-based solutions to their healthcare IT needs."
Dixon Technologi...,4.0,(583 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 24 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Dixon Technologies (India) Limited is the largest* home grown design-focused and solutions company engaged in manufacturing products in the consumer durables, lighting and mobile phones markets in India. Their diversified product portfolio includes

Consumer electronics like LED TVs.
Home appliances like washing machines.
Lighting products like LED bulbs and tubelights, downlighters and CFL bulbs.
Mobile phones like feature phones and smartphones.
Security Surveillance Systems like CCTV & DVRs.
Dixon also provides solutions in reverse logistics i.e. repair and refurbishment services of set top boxes, mobile phones and LED TV panels.  *Source: Project Rise: Indian Consumer Electronics & Appliances Market Study, issued by Frost & Sullivan India Private Limited.

We have fully integrated end-to-end product and solution suite to original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) ranging from global sourcing, manufacturing, quality testing and packaging to logistics. We are also an original design manufacturer (“ODM”) of lighting products, LED TVs and semi-automatic washing machines in India. As an ODM, we develop and design products in-house at its R&D center. We manufacture and supply these products to well-known companies in India who in turn distribute these products under their own brands."
Tata AutoComp Sy...,4.0,(1.2k Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 25 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tata AutoComp Systems, promoted by the Tata Group, provides products and services to the Indian and Global automotive OEMs as well as Tier 1 suppliers.Tata AutoComp Systems’ portfolio includes Automotive Interior & Exterior Plastics, Composites, Sheet Metal Stampings, Engine cooling solutions, Automotive Batteries, Rear View Mirrors, Command systems like Park Brake Lever, Gear Shifters, Washer Systems, HVAC solutions, Exhaust and Emission control systems, Seating systems and Electronic solutions including ADAS, BMS, Telematics, etc. for passenger and commercial vehicles as well as Powertrain Cooling Solutions and Suspensions for heavy commercial vehicles. It also offers Engineering and Supply Chain Management services to its customers.Tata AutoComp Systems sells components in the After Market under the brand name “AUTOCOMP” as well as exports components to Europe, US, Middle East and neighbouring countries."
Canara Bank,3.8,(1.9k Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 121 more",117 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Widely known for customer centricity, Canara Bank was founded by Shri Ammembal Subba Rao Pai, a great visionary and philanthropist, in July 1906, at Mangalore, then a small port town in Karnataka. The Bank has gone through the various phases of its growth trajectory over hundred years of its existence. Growth of Canara Bank was phenomenal, especially after nationalization in the year 1969, attaining the status of a national level player in terms of geographical reach and clientele segments. Eighties was characterized by business diversification for the Bank. In June 2006, the Bank completed a century of operation in the Indian banking industry. The eventful journey of the Bank has been characterized by several memorable milestones. Today, Canara Bank occupies a premier position in the comity of Indian banks."
LOREAL,4.3,(613 Reviews),Private,Clichy + 64 more,32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Our 34 international brands include Kiehl’s, Lancôme, Giorgio Armani Beauty, Yves Saint Laurent Beauté, Ralph Lauren, Clarisonic, Maybelline New York, Essie, Kérastase, Biotherm, Shu Uemura, Viktor&Rolf, Maison Martin Margiela, Urban Decay, Redken, Vichy, La Roche-Posay, Diesel, Garnier, L’Oréal Paris, and more. For more than a century, L’Oréal has devoted itself solely to one business: beauty. The group's mission is to provide the best in cosmetics innovation to women and men around the world with respect for their diversity.We want to bring beauty to all people. Our ambition for the coming years is to win over another one billion consumers around the world by creating the cosmetic products that meet the infinite diversity of their beauty needs and desires.If you are ready to take charge of your career and join us on our quest for the next billion consumers, follow us to get the insider scoop on our business,  culture, and tips on how to join us to shape the future of beauty."
CRB Tech Solutio...,4.4,(581 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 4 more",22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"CRBtech is a leading training and career development. With experience more than 15 years, CRBtech has focused on training engineers in IT,Mechanical,Electrical and Clinical Research."
Micromax Informa...,3.8,(847 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 109 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Micromax Informatics Limited is one of the leading consumer electronics company in India, and the 10th largest mobile phone player in the world. Over the past decade, Micromax has pioneered the democratisation of technology in India - by offering affordable innovations through their product offerings and removing barriers for large scale adoption of advanced technologies. Micromax is currently the 2nd largest smartphone company in India. Micromax is a brand which is close to the heart of the youth, and celebrates the vibrancies of life and empowerment."
Duck Creek Techn...,4.6,(579 Reviews),LLP,"Boston,Massachusetts + 3 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We give P&C insurers a genuine path to the future with advanced technology grounded in decades of industry expertise, responsive to the unique challenges of each carrier, and shaped by the day-to-day of human behavior. 

We are sustained by a persistent curiosity that isn’t afraid to challenge the norms of the property & casualty industry, that believes the vision for tomorrow need not be tied to the legacy of today, and it is our job to get you there sooner."
Visionet Systems,3.4,(578 Reviews),Private,"Cranbury,New Jersey + 7 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Visionet is a premier technology solutions and business process management company. We provide strategic business value to an extensive and impressive list of marquee customers across a variety of industries. Visionet delivers high-impact strategies, techniques, and technologies that help our clients compete, win, and sustain growth in a hyper-competitive, digitally disruptive market. The success of our clients and delivering value to the parties they serve is our number-one goal."
Sri Chaitanya Ed...,3.9,(578 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 58 more",37 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Sri Chaitanya started its historic journey in 1986 with the inception of a Girls Junior College at Vijayawada. And since then there has been no turning back. The inception of Sri Chaitanya Educational Institutions was the result of a vision rather than the mere setting up of an institution. Our Founders and Mentors, Dr. B. S. Rao garu and Dr. Jhansi Lakshmi Bai garu, were hugely successful in the medical profession and decided to look at a fresh approach to Intermediate level education"
THE LEELA PALACE...,4.2,(577 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 23 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Some journeys can be summed up in a photo, a tweet, a souvenir. But others are so filled with inner riches, they defy easy description. For our guests, this has always posed a challenge: How to best capture the world of luxury that is The Leela? For one visitor, it’s a lobby – and a welcome that makes her feel like royalty. For another, it’s discovering a hidden garden, guided only by the scent of jasmine. To some, it is small touches that few others notice – the warmth of a gesture, the extra care in the simplest dish. Finding the right words for this distinctly Indian brand of luxury is made all the more difficult because it is constantly being refined and enhanced by each person we invite to join our staff. From the start, we have been on a continuous journey to delight each traveller who crosses our threshold. It is The Leela’s goal to provide the most demanding guests with memorable, magical stays that deliver the essence of India and discover a 5-Star experience found only in India, and only at The Leela. In a span of 30 years, The Leela Palaces, Hotels and Resorts has grown to comprise a world-class collection of nine award-winning luxury hotels spread across key destinations in India with many more on the anvil."
ArcelorMittal Ni...,4.1,(577 Reviews),"Surat,Gujarat + 27 more",5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"AM/NS India is an integrated flat carbon steel manufacturer - from iron ore to ready-to-market products – with an achievable crude steel capacity of 9 million tonnes per annum (MTPA). Our manufacturing facilities comprise iron making, steelmaking and downstream facilities spread across India.

At AM/NS India our goal is to help create smarter, more sustainable steels for India, and the world. To do this, we place safety, innovation and technology at the heart of our manufacturing operations and product development.

We offer more than 300 grades of steel, all of which conform to international quality standards, underscoring the value AM/NS India’s ascribes to being a trusted and reliable provider of steel to our customers in India and beyond.

AM/NS India is a joint venture between ArcelorMittal and Nippon Steel, two of the world’s leading steel companies."
Sonata Software,4.1,(576 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 10 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sonata is a global technology company, that enables successful platform based digital transformation initiatives for enterprises, to create businesses that are connected, open, intelligent and scalable. Sonata’s Platformation™ methodology brings together industry expertise, platform technology excellence, design thinking-led innovation and strategic engagement models to deliver sustained long term value to customers. A trusted partner of world leaders in the Retail, Manufacturing & Distribution, Travel and Software industries, Sonata’s solution portfolio includes its own digital platform such as Brick & Click Retail Platform©, Modern Distribution Platform©, Rezopia Digital Travel Platform©, RAPID DevOps Platform©, Kartopia E-commerce Platform© , Halosys Mobility Platform©, and Commodity CTRM Platform©, best-in-class capabilities on ISV digital technology platforms such as Microsoft Dynamics 365, Microsoft Azure, SAP Hybris, Cloud Engineering and Managed Services, as well as new digital applications like IoT, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotic Process Automation, Chatbots, Block Chain and Cyber Security. Sonata’s people and systems are nurtured to bring together the depth of thought leadership, customer commitment and execution excellence to make a difference to business with technology."
Mahindra First C...,4.1,(576 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 98 more",29 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Mahindra First Choice Wheels focus is to provide wheels for a billion dreams. We are India’s number one multi-brand certified used car company and sell high quality used cars with a warranted wow experience. We deal in a wide range of multi-brand used cars, refurbish it with our well-known 118 check-points quality check and sell the same under our best in class Warranty products. 

Moving beyond retail space, Mahindra First Choice Wheels is one of the pioneers in the field of eCommerce. We ventured into the online classified in early 2000, which today has developed into a robust used vehicle ecosystem in the virtual world that complements its presence in the physical space."
Sykes Business S...,3.5,(575 Reviews),Private,"Tampa,Florida + 15 more",46 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"A pioneer in exceptional customer care and support, SYKES is a leading provider of multichannel demand generation and customer engagement services for Global 2000 companies. We help our brand partners optimize the lifetime value of customer relationships by building an intelligent customer experience that attracts, converts, engages and retains customers.
SYKES continues evolving to achieve a singular mission: to help people, one caring interaction at a time. The innovative brands we call family are partners who share our mission and core values. Their expertise uniquely positions SYKES to help your business stay ahead of the competition and create a connected, intelligent customer experience.  By partnering with SYKES, you receive the full benefit of this evolution, with access to our end-to-end solutions in process automation, marketing, sales and customer care — all under one umbrella.

We can provide the teams, systems, and technology you need to streamline and optimize all phases of your customer journey. We do this while elevating the moments that matter most with exceptional one-on-one support — because no matter how much technology advances, people will always be at the heart of your business and ours."
Telenor,4.3,(601 Reviews),Private,"Fornebu,Fornebu + 114 more",14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Telenor Group is a leading telecommunications company across the Nordics and Asia with 182 million customers and annual sales of around USD 13 billion (2018).

Telenor Group has mobile operations in the Nordics, including Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland and in Asia, including Pakistan, Bangladesh, Thailand, Malaysia, Myanmar.

We have a leading Nordic position in mobile, broadband and TV services, as well as substantial activities in subsidiaries and joint venture operations, including mobile financial services and online classifieds in the Asia region. Worldwide, Telenor Group and our operations’ teams are more than 20,000 people strong."
Centum Electroni...,3.8,(574 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 9 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"“Centum was founded in 1994 in Bangalore, India. Since then, Centum has rapidly grown into a diversified electronics company with operations in North America, EMEA and Asia. The company offers a broad range of products and services across different industry segments. It has continuously invested in strengthening its design & product development capabilities while developing deep domain knowledge in the segments it operates in. Centum has also established truly world-class manufacturing facilities with cutting edge infrastructure as well as a global supply chain capable of delivering products with high quality and reliability.
A key contributor to Centum Group’s growth has been the strong relationships forged with international customers and partners. This customer-focused approach coupled with Centum’s culture hinged on the core-values of Technology-Teamwork-Trust has resulted in a track-record of high quality products & services and excellent execution ability."
Reliance Capital,3.9,(4.2k Reviews),Public,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 80 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Reliance Capital, a constituent of MSCI Global Small Cap Index, is a part of the Reliance Group. It is amongst India’s leading and most valuable financial services companies in the private sector. Reliance Capital has interests in asset management and mutual funds; life, general and health insurance; commercial & home finance; equities and commodities broking; wealth management services; distribution of financial products; asset reconstruction; proprietary investments and other activities in financial services.

Reliance Mutual Fund is amongst the top Mutual Funds in India with over six million investor folios. Reliance Nippon Life Insurance and Reliance General Insurance are amongst the leading private sector insurers in India. Reliance Securities is one of the India’s leading retail broking houses and distributors of financial products and services. Reliance Money and Reliance Home Finance are one of the most rapidly expanding businesses in the lending space.


Total assets of Rs.93,851 crore (US$ 14.4 Billion) as on March 31, 2018"
R Systems Intern...,3.6,(573 Reviews),Public,"Folsom,California + 10 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"R Systems is a global technology and analytics services company. We help our clients achieve speed-to-market, overcome digital barriers, and create business value with our specialized service offerings and consultative business approach. We speak the language of business as fluently as we do the language of technology. In other words, we speak digital. Our goal: accelerate our clients’ digital leadership."
Sandvik Asia,4.4,(573 Reviews),Private,"Stockholm,Stockholm + 28 more",161 years old,10k-50k Employees (Global),"Sandvik is a high-tech and global engineering Group with about 40,000 employees with a strong commitment to enhancing customer productivity, profitability and sustainability.
Our operations are based on unique expertise in materials technology, extensive knowledge about industrial processes and close customer cooperation. This combination, coupled with continuous investments in research and development (R&D), has enabled us achieve world-leading positions in the following areas of Tools and tooling systems for industrial metal cutting, Equipment and tools, service and technical solutions for the mining and construction industries and Advanced stainless steels and special alloys as well as products for industrial heating.
Sandvik's operations are organized into three business areas responsible for research and development (R&D), production and sales of their respective products and services."
Tata 1mg,4.0,(572 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 39 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"1mg.com brings to you an online platform, which can be accessed for all your health needs. We are trying to make healthcare a hassle-free experience for you. Get your allopathic, ayurvedic, homeopathic medicines, vitamins & nutrition supplements and other health-related products delivered at home. Lab tests? That too in the comfort of your home. Doctor consult? Yes, we got that covered too."
Syngenta,4.3,(572 Reviews),Private,"Basel,Basel + 106 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Syngenta is a leading agriculture company helping to improve global food security by enabling millions of farmers to make better use of available resources. Through world class science and innovative crop solutions, our 28,000 people in over 90 countries are working to transform how crops are grown. We are committed to rescuing land from degradation, enhancing biodiversity and revitalizing rural communities"
Worley,4.0,(572 Reviews),Private,"North Sydney,North Sydney + 30 more",52 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Worley is a leading global provider of professional project and asset services in the energy, chemicals and resources sectors.
We cover the full project lifecycle from guiding our customers with pioneering projects to finding innovative ways of sustaining and enhancing their existing assets. Our comprehensive geographic presence enables us to leverage global expertise and deliver innovative solutions locally, to meet our customers' needs.
Through OneWay™ our enterprise-wide integrity management framework, we establish corporate expectations for Zero Harm to people, assets and no environmental incidents, delivering predictable, consistent outcomes across the entire business. OneWay underpins all our business activities and starts with a personal commitment from everyone who works for us, regardless of location or role.
We are committed to delivering sustained economic and social progress, creating opportunities for individuals, companies and communities to find and realize their own futures, while also creating wealth for our shareholders."
Mswipe Technolog...,3.2,(571 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 71 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mswipe is India’s largest independent mobile POS merchant acquirer & network provider. We believe in serving the smallest of merchants. India currently has 12-15 million SMEs and mobile POS is the only channel which can efficiently link these SMEs to mainstream financial services & digital commerce. Today less than 500,000 SMEs have any type of POS. Mswipe aims to provide seamless mobile POS solutions to such merchants across India and create India’s largest financial services platform for SMEs."
Better.com,2.9,(571 Reviews),"New York City,New York + 2 more",7 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Panacea Biotec,3.9,(582 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 42 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Panacea Biotec is India’s highly progressive research based health management company involved in research, manufacturing and marketing of branded pharmaceutical formulations, vaccines and natural products. The product portfolio includes highly innovative prescription products in important therapeutic areas like pain management, diabetes & cardiovascular management, renal disease management, osteoporosis management, anti-tubercular, gastro-intestinal care products and vaccines.   The flagship brands of the company are Glizid & Glizid-M for Diabetes Management; Panimun Bioral, PanGraf & Mycept for Organ transplantation occupy leadership positions in their respective therapeutic segments. The organisation's focus is to build quality brands that will drive growth of the company.   Panacea Biotec is committed towards disease prevention by introducing Innovative Vaccines that helps to reduce child mortality. Our vaccines portfolio consists of Primopol [Oral Polio Vaccine (type I and type III)], Easyfive (DTwP+Hep B+Hib), NovoHib and Polprotec (IPV). Vaccines in the pipeline include Anthrax, Dengue, Japanese encephalitis and several others.  Panacea Biotec has earned the distinction of being a WHO pre-qualified for Oral Polio Vaccine and Hepatitis-B vaccine and is in the process of obtaining similar pre-qualifications for other vaccines."
Altimetrik,4.0,(570 Reviews),Private,"Southfield,Michigan + 8 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We believe in the power of digital business and its ability to unlock the barriers that prevent companies from achieving their full potential. Our unique combination of practitioners, product engineering talent, and a simplified self-service business digital platform drives sustainable business outcomes. Find out how we’re reshaping the future of business – and taking it to the next level.

We connect to collaborate, discover new ideas, and build meaningful relationships through a variety of programs like Collider, D-Cult, and Impact. We also are a SAFe® Gold Partner and Salesforce Partner. We bring together passionate software professionals with digital business leaders to unlock an explosion of creative potential.

Business and engineering teams collaborate and take an end-to-end perspective to deliver bite-sized outcomes with speed. It’s a combination of bringing the right talent, creating a digital culture, and leveraging a self-service business digital platform.

Business and engineering teams collaborate and take an end-to-end perspective to deliver bite-sized outcomes with speed. It’s a combination of bringing the right talent, creating a digital culture, and leveraging a self-service business digital platform."
Acme Cleantech S...,3.9,(570 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 76 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The ACME Group is one of the India’s fastest growing companies in solar energy sector. ACME provides innovative green energy and energy management solutions for Telecom Passive Infrastructure and is one of the largest Solar Power developer with cumulative capacity of more than 5500+ MWp Solar Photovoltaic Power Projects across the country.
ACME Group is a result of the vision and commitment of its founder, Mr. Manoj Kumar Upadhyay. He envisioned to realize this goal by providing new and disruptive technology solutions through intensive research and innovative approach instead of making incremental changes to the existing technologies. It is the result of his leadership that the company has become a leader in India’s solar energy sector."
Provana,4.0,(569 Reviews),Private,"Lisle,Illinois + 2 more",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Our founders, Sandeep Bhargava and Karen Powell, are veterans of the business services and outsourcing industry. Under Sandeep’s leadership, their first entrepreneurial venture began in 2001. Securing venture funding from the prestigious Carlyle Group, they built Worldzen (later Keane Worldzen), a business process consulting and outsourcing firm. It grew to over $30 million in revenue before it was sold in 2007. Having successfully led multiple engagements for Fortune 1000 industry leaders in insurance, healthcare and financial services, the pair launched Provana in April of 2011. Provana offers small- and mid-sized firms management consulting and access to a global delivery model and products like compliance management system, collection resolution apps, business analytics dashboards. We enjoy working with our clients to strengthen their operating models."
VMware Software,4.3,(583 Reviews),Private,"Palo Alto,California + 9 more",25 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"VMware streamlines the journey for organizations to become digital businesses that deliver better experiences to their customers and empower employees to do their best work. Our software spans compute, cloud, networking and security, and digital workspace.

We give customers the ability to run, manage, connect, and protect all of their apps on any cloud–so they can reduce costs, gain efficiencies, and innovate faster. We provide pervasive, secure end-to-end connectivity for your apps and data, wherever they reside. We support end-to-end management and security for all of the applications that your employees need while empowering them to work where and how they choose.

Since our founding in 1998, our employees and ecosystem of 75,000 partners have been behind the technology innovations transforming entire industries—from banking, healthcare, and government to retail, telecommunications, manufacturing, and transportation.

Every day, we work to solve our customers’ toughest challenges through disruptive technologies like edge computing, artificial intelligence, blockchain, machine learning, Kubernetes and more–to define the digital foundation that will accelerate the next wave of innovation."
KEI Industries,4.1,(568 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 63 more",55 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"KEI Industries Limited (KEI) was established in 1968 as a partnership firm under the name Krishna Electrical Industries, with prime business activity of manufacturing house wiring rubber cables. The firm was converted into public limited with the corporate name KEI industries Limited in December 1992. In 1996, KEI acquired Matchless, a company under same management, which was engaged in manufacture of stainless steel wires. In 2010 KEI set foot into the manufacturing of EHV cables up to 220kV in collaboration with BRUGG Kables, AG a century old Swiss company.Currently, KEI Industries Limited is engaged in the business of Manufacturing and Marketing Power Cables-Extra High Voltage(EHV), High Tension and Low Tension, Control and Instrumentation Cables, Specialty Cables, Rubber Cables, Flexible And House Wires, Submersible Cables, Pvc/Poly Wrapped Winding Wires and, Stainless Steel Wires. KEI Industries ranked amongst the top three cable manufacturing companies in India, the company addresses the cabling requirements of a wide spectrum of sectors, such as - Power, Oil Refineries, Railways, Automobiles, Cement, Steel, Fertilizers, Textile And, Real Estate etc.Through EHV Cables, KEI is geared to service Mega Power Plants, Transmission Companies, Metro Cities where underground cabling is underway, large realty projects – IT Parks, residential townships, Metro Rail Projects etc.KEI has a diversified and de-risked business model characterised by a significant presence in both the domestic and international markets, servicing both the retail and institutional segments, catering to both private and public sector clients and offering both one-stop products basket and services."
TaskUs,3.8,(568 Reviews),Private,"New Braunfels,Texas + 9 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"TaskUs is a different breed of BPO. We are a collective of highly capable humans, who understand how to deploy technology and data to best serve your purpose. From Digital CX to Content Security, Data & AI Operations, Consulting, and anything in between, we consider ourselves responsible for protecting our partners’ interests and supporting their long-term success through innovation and technology -powered by ridiculously smart people.

TaskUs partners with the world’s most innovative and disruptive brands to protect what matters most and to thrive in an ever-changing world."
Wistron,3.8,(568 Reviews),Taipei + 9 more,22 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Wistron Corporation is an ODM (original design manufacturer) providing a variety of support services related to design, manufacturing, and after-sales service for information and communication technology (ICT) products. Wistron's client base consists of branded, global/regional-based OEM (original equipment manufacturer) companies."
Olam,4.0,(568 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 37 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a leading food and agri-business, supplying food ingredients, feed and fibre to over 19,800 customers who range from multi-national, world famous brands to small family run businesses.

Each customer depends on us to provide goods and services that are safe, on-time and consistently in line with the required specification. They also rely on us to help them innovate and create new opportunities.

Established in 1989, and now listed on the Singapore Exchange, our team of 74,500 full-time, seasonal, and contract employees have built leadership positions in many of our businesses such as Cocoa, Coffee, Cotton, Edible Nuts and Spices.

As well as growing crops in our own orchards and estates, and sourcing from around 4.8 million farmers globally, we operate over 160 processing facilities, and through our 14 innovation centres, We develop ingredients and find solutions for our customers. Our value chain spans over 60 countries. We also provide support services including risk management solutions and agri-logistics. Through our Packaged Foods Business, we market our own brands directly to consumers in Africa.

Through our purpose to ‘Re-imagine Global Agriculture and Food Systems’, We aim to address the many challenges involved in meeting the needs of a growing global population, while achieving positive impact for farming communities, our planet and all our stakeholders.

In January 2020, Olam International announced a re-organisation to unlock long-term value. This will simplify our portfolio, sharpen our focus, attract additional investors and accelerate profitable growth."
CenturyPly,4.1,(568 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 78 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CenturyPly has been the front-runner in applying innovation at work. This simple philosophy has been the cornerstone of all our processes and technologies. It has led us to design and deliver contemporary lifestyle statements that have become synonymous with modern living. Our award winning products have been redefining Indian realty and bringing about a paradigm shift in the concept of living spaces. Century Plyboards (India) Ltd. our mother concern, came into existence in 1986 as a result of the foresightedness of two visionaries, Mr. Sajjan Bhajanka and Mr. Sanjay Agarwal. Since then, the company has taken giant strides and is today, the largest seller of multi-use plywood and decorative veneers in the Indian organized plywood market.
As the pioneers in Borer Proof Plywood and Boiling Water Resistant (BWR) Decorative Veneers and Laminates in India, the company has successfully created a niche in the highly competitive lifestyle segment. By giving more freedom to our users, we ensure they have more choices available that will help them in achieving what they desire. We are continuously working on new product concepts for today's informed and discerning buyer – offering maximum choice to try out numerous permutations and combinations.
CenturyPly is the unprecedented choice of architects and interior designers – they strongly recommend our products for transforming ordinary steel and concrete structures to expressions of one's personality. From flexible plywoods that offer a unique blend of form and functionality to specially treated, Fire Retardant plywoods that find use in a myriad of construction purposes, we have the right products to target different building needs. Now in its 26th year of operations, CenturyPly enjoys a unique brand identity as the market leader, with offerings that are considered industry benchmarks. We are guided by a simple philosophy of adding more value-for-money products and at the same time, improving upon our existing product portfolio through extensive research and customer feedback.
CenturyPly has also had a successful run at the box office by associating itself with meaningful cinema and we seek to strengthen this association over the coming years. As an aspirational, premium lifestyle brand, we believe in perseverance, will power and determination. We constantly communicate our identity amongst a larger audience through the medium of the moving arts. CenturyPly has collaborated with movies that show the undying human spirit, its indomitable willpower and propagate noble causes like Right to Education. By doing so, we bring forth CenturyPly relentless pursuit of excellence and the will to succeed against all odds. Notable social welfare initiatives like ""Education for all"" seeks to educate children of our factory workers as well as adjacent areas, absolutely free of cost."
Huhtamaki,4.1,(566 Reviews),Private,Espoo + 29 more,88 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Huhtamaki PPL Ltd. is a leading provider of primary consumer packaging & decorative labelling solutions in India, and part of Huhtamaki Oyj, a Finnish-based global food packaging major.Packing memorable experiences together with our customers and partners since 1935, today we are a total solutions company with a Pan-India presence, backed by 16 manufacturing sites and 5 customer support centers. The acquisitions and subsequent mergers of Webtech Labels Pvt Ltd. & Positive Packaging Industries Ltd., as well as the acquisition of the India operations of Ajanta Labels have strengthened HPPL’s leadership in flexible and labelling solutions."
Minda Corporatio...,3.8,(671 Reviews),Public,Gurugram + 38 more,65 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"For over six decades, Spark Minda (erstwhile MINDA Group) has a major presence in Global Automotive Industry and is one of the leading manufacturers of automotive components for the OEMs. The US $645 Million Group, with a workforce of more than 17,000 is catering to the leading Passenger Vehicle, Commercial Vehicle, Motorcycle & Scooter, Off-road Vehicle & Tier 1 Manufacturers in India with presence in Germany, Poland, Czech Republic, Mexico, China, Indonesia, Vietnam, Uzbekistan and Japan. We also serve to after market segment in India through a strong dealer distributorship of about 500 dealers.

For the technological edge, we have a dedicated R&D facility and collaborations with the pioneers and leaders of the automobile industry. For assimilating the latest technologies, Spark Minda has entered into strategic alliances and technical collaborations with leading international companies and acquired businesses across the globe. This has provided Spark Minda with the cutting-edge in product design and technology to meet strict international quality standards."
Meril,3.8,(565 Reviews),Private,"Vapi,Gujarat + 52 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Meril’s core objective is to design, manufacture and distribute clinically relevant, state-of-the-art and best-in-class medical devices to alleviate human suffering and health improve the Quality of Life."
Aditya Birla Hea...,4.0,(565 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 118 more,8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited (“ABHICL”) was incorporated in 2015 as a 51:49 joint venture between MMI Strategic Investments (Pty) Ltd, MMI Holdings Limited, Aditya Birla Nuvo Limited and Aditya Birla Capital Limited (ABCL). ABHICL commenced its operations in October 2016 and is engaged in the business of health insurance. ABHICL’s current product portfolio includes unique offerings including chronic care and incentivized wellness. ABHICL serves as an enabler and influencer of health and healthcare choices that customers make, in addition to being a payer of healthcare expenses. Thus, ABHICL would act as a much-needed catalyst to grow the prevalent health insurance landscape in India through product innovations and a wider choice of consumer-relevant products."
Royal Immigratio...,5.0,(565 Reviews),Dubai + 5 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Future Focus Inf...,3.5,(564 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 45 more,26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A pioneer in India’s IT staffing business, Future Focus Infotech Pvt. Ltd. (FFI) offers Strategic IT consulting and Managed Solutions to Technology companies. Incorporated in 1997, FFI has transformed over the years from a plain contract staffing service provider into a leader in Consulting for myriad technologies ranging from application development using Open Source, Microsoft, Java and Mainframe technologies to state of the art SMAC technologies.A Software Development Center (SDC) established in 1999 caters to the growing needs of our International clients offering Application Support services and managed solutions in Quality Assurance(QA), Business Intelligence (BI) and Analytics.Primarily to cater to our Indian clients in their overseas projects, we have spread our wings to establish offices in the USA (Focus America Inc) in 2000 and in UAE (Future Focus Infotech FZE) in 2011. Our subsidiaries, with clear understanding of the local milieu, have now the capability to service the local clients effectively.FFI today operates across 8 major cities in India apart from the overseas operations. The scale of our capabilities, offerings and customer engagements in the IT & ITES domain differentiates us from other companies in the consulting and recruitment vertical.FFI, ISO 9001 certified since 2005, with its focus on quality delivery, has not only been successful in retaining its major clients but also in securing additional business in new geographies. FFI maintains excellent relationship with its consultants too resulting in consistent repeat business over the years."
Tradeindia.com,3.5,(564 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 32 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tradeindia.com is one of India's largest B2B Marketplaces with over 10 million registered users, offering domestic and overseas buyers & sellers a reliable platform to identify trustworthy business partners.

Tradeindia.com delivers comprehensive business solutions to the Domestic and Global Business Community through a wide array of online services, facilitation of trade promotional events. It is assisting manufacturers, suppliers, wholesalers, exporters and other business in growing their business with us.

2226 Different Product Categories And Sub-Categories
4.1 million+ Sellers & 5.6+ Buyers"
Jakson Group,3.9,(564 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 62 more",76 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in the year 1947, Jakson Group has diversified from a Diesel Generator Manufacturing Organisation into an Energy Solutions Company providing expertise in the fields of Solar EPC, Distributed Power & Solar Solutions. The Company has an extensive presence throughout India with 4 manufacturing facilities, 3 Independent Solar Power Plants, A Global Training Centre, 40 Sales Offices and a wide network of channel partners and dealers making it one of the top Distributed Energy & Solar Power Companies in India. The company has business interests in countries like Bangladesh, Nepal, Singapore, Dubai and the African Sub Continent. The Company employs over 2200 people with Head Quarters in Noida Uttar Pradesh. It also has alliances with the Hospitality, Education & Infrastructure Sectors."
Egis  India Cons...,4.2,(564 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 81 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Egis is an international group with presence in over a 100 countries, offering engineering, project structuring and operations services. In engineering and consulting its sectors of activity include transport, urban development, building, industry, water, environment and energy.

In roads and airports its offer is enlarged to encompass project structuring, equity investment, turnkey systems delivery, operation and mobility services.

Employing 14,850 people, including 8,750 in engineering, the group generated a managed turnover of €1.13 billion in 2018.

Egis is arguably the top consultant in India offering grand building solutions to its clients with a stellar portfolio of projects covering the entire infrastructure landscape in the country. Egis was one of the first few global companies to realize the potential of India as a global economic hub. Started in 1995 as a foreign company and committed itself to India in 2005 by registering in India, the company has been ‘Making in India’ ever since by investing in bringing its global skills & technologies to India and training Indian employees to meet global standards."
Greaves Cotton,4.1,(563 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 30 more",164 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Greaves Cotton Ltd. is an Indian engineering company that manufactures engines and heavy equipment. It is traded on the National Stock Exchange of India and the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Galfar,4.2,(563 Reviews),Private,Muscat + 28 more,51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Galfar Engineering & Contracting SAOG (Galfar) is Oman’s largest construction company with EPC capability in Oil & Gas, Roads & Bridges and Civil & Utilities sectors operating in Oman, other GCC countries as well as India. Over the last 40 years, Galfar has established itself as the “Preferred Partner in Development” in Oman with a turnover nearly USD 1 Billion. The Company has grown steadily over the last 4 decades, owns a fleet of more than 7000 equipments, employs a workforce of over 23,000 and also prides itself as the largest employer of Omani nationals in the Private Sector.The Company’s endeavor towards excellence in construction quality, safety, performance, employee satisfaction and social responsibility has enabled it to be the most trusted and sought after Engineering, Procurement, Construction, Operations & Maintenance and Project Management company in the region. It has consistently delivered projects, providing value-added engineering, construction and service skills to customers for whom the quality of execution, efficiency and reliability are critical.Since its inception in 1972, Galfar, with its strong leadership has executed a focused strategic vision and is now a Public Limited Company listed in the Muscat Securities Market. The company has also been successful in creating an excellent track record in ensuring shareholder confidence. For the short term, growth is already built into our order book based on the plans of our major clients and partners. It has also identified areas for growth based on regional trends and evolving market conditions.Galfar always has the highest concern for safety and this is evidenced by securing some of the best records for Safety in its operations, having won several awards from government organizations, clients and the Sword of Honour from the British Safety Council."
Neel Metal Produ...,4.1,(563 Reviews),Gurgaon + 25 more,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Medlife,3.6,(574 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 28 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Medlife is India's largest e-health platform . What drives Medlife is the dream that “every Indian gets access to the best possible healthcare facilities.” And true to this dream, everyday Medlife is touching millions of lives across India by making every aspect of healthcare simple, accessible, and affordable. Medlife, in fact, is the one-stop-shop for all your healthcare needs.Over-the-counter products and healthcare products• Consulting specialist doctors right at home through e-consultation• Health checkups through Medlife Labs with the provision of home sample collection service• Storing and managing all your health records with data safety ensured• Doorstep medicine delivery.Medlife offers it all right at the comfort of your home with the added benefits of:• bringing to you only the genuine healthcare products from authorized partners• offering the services at discounted rates and amazing cashback offers• attractive referral benefits"
LivSpace,3.7,(562 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 25 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Livspace is India’s trusted interior design marketplace that connects interior designers, vendors and customers. We provide end-to-end home interior services across seven cities currently. With over 5000+ happy customers, 2000+ interior designers, we're India's trusted home interiors brand.
Our founding team combines world-class talent and entrepreneurial experience gathered at companies like Google, Microsoft, Yahoo, Amazon, Flipkart, Adobe, Myntra, and Space Matrix. We are well-funded; our investors include top venture firms like TPG Growth, Goldman Sachs, Helion, Bessemer, and Jungle. We are a design and technology-first start up and employ a combination of data science, algorithms, and design to create unique experiences for homeowners and scale the job of interior designers."
HARMAN,4.0,(1.7k Reviews),Public,"Stamford,Connecticut + 19 more",14 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"HARMAN designs and engineers c​onnected products and solutions for automakers, consumers, and enterprises worldwide, including connected car systems, audio and visual products, enterprise automat​ion solutions; and connected services. Our talented workforce and innovation strength create value for our stakeholders by enabli​ng rich experiences through the connected car, connected enterprise and connected lifestyle.
Audi​​ophiles from every generation call on HARMAN to deliver the best in sound in the studio and on the stage, at home and on the go. HARMAN’s portfolio of legendary audio brands includes AKG®, Harman Kardon®, Infinity®, JBL®, Lexicon®, Mark Levinson®and Revel®. More than 50 million vehicles on the road today enjoy an enhanced driving experience, thanks to HARMAN audio and infotainment. We extend the same spirit of innovation to the world’s leading performance and sporting venues, providing everyone with the best seats in the house.
Seizing the rich opportunities of today’s global markets requires more than legendary sound. HARMAN has reshaped our organization and cost structure to make the Company more agile in a changing world and addressed the rising importance of highly integrated, software-rich products and services. Most importantly, our track record of innovation, which has distinguished HARMAN and its premium audio and infotainment brands for more than 60 years, continues."
Marks & Spencer,4.4,(561 Reviews),Private,London + 48 more,139 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Marks & Spencer offers high quality fashion, award-winning food and stylish homeware. Founded more than a century ago and with 1463 stores across 57 countries, today we are one of the UK’s leading retailers. We understand the importance of Inspiration, being In Touch, Integrity & Innovation and live by these values in everything that we do. Through constant innovation, we make our products and tailor the shopping experience to delight our customers around the world."
Secure Meters,4.2,(561 Reviews),Public,"Chandlers Ford,Eastleigh + 47 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Secure began life in 1987 as a diversification from the existing family business. We licensed solid state electronic metering technology from the UK, to help distribution companies in India improve their revenues. It was the first commercially available electronic metering product in the world and produced dramatic improvements in revenue assurance in India.

We provide products and services that can be used to measure energy, inform of its use and help control its use. Our products include meters, instruments, heating and cooling controls, alongside a host of services that enhance the use of our hardware.

A diverse product base has led to an incredibly diverse and vibrant customer base. While this provides us with a unique opportunity to learn a lot about the technical and economic aspects of the energy supply chain, it brings a significant challenge to the business as well. To be able to provide the appropriate quality of customer service to all our customers, we have arranged the business along the lines of Strategic Business Units (SBUs). Each SBU serves particular customer segments, ensuring that each of them gets the level of service they require.

Energy SBU – All utility companies and energy supply companies
M&C SBU – All other institutional customers that work with utility and energy companies, and some non-utility energy suppliers

By making the entire product portfolio available to each of the SBUs, we have been able to deliver a long lasting impact. Products are developed and produced at various locations, keeping in mind each SBU’s requirements. We have a number of different offices and factories and operate from six countries in Australasia, Asia and Europe."
Kinara Capital,4.6,(561 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 92 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Kinara Capital is a socially responsible fintech propelling financial inclusion of small business entrepreneurs in India. We are addressing the credit gap for MSME Manufacturing, Trading and Services sectors with fast and flexible collateral-free business loans in the range of INR 1-30 lakhs.

In offering both digital and doorstep customer service options, small businesses appreciate the convenience of Kinara’s fast 24-hour direct disbursements and flexible payment options on 400+ apps, such as Google Pay. Data-driven automated credit decisioning (AI/ML)enables us to lend confidently without relying on property collateral or credit scores.

Headquartered in Bangalore, we operate 110 branches in 90+ cities across Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, and UT Puducherry. We are qualified as a Systemically Important NBFC by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and a debt listed entity on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).

Watch this video to know more about us and hear from our customers."
Pramerica Life I...,3.9,(561 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 108 more,9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"For Pramerica Life Insurance Limited (PLIL), this is not just a phrase it is a promise. A promise to our customers and their loved ones that we will stand by them and help fulfill their dreams and aspirations. Our mission is to not just help them with insurance but to also help them achieve overall financial security."
MAHLE ANAND Filt...,4.1,(561 Reviews),Private,"Stuttgart,Germany + 21 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"MAHLE is a leading international development partner and supplier to the automotive industry as well as a pioneer and technology driver for the mobility of the future.
The MAHLE Group is committed to making transportation more efficient, more environmentally friendly, and more comfortable. MAHLE is continuously optimizing the combustion engine, driving forward the use of alternative fuels, and laying the foundation for the widespread acceptance and worldwide introduction of e-mobility.

Based on a broad systems competence consisting of Engine Systems and Components, Filtration, and Thermal Management, the group’s product portfolio addresses all the crucial issues relating to the powertrain and air conditioning technology. Thanks to its expertise in electric and electronic components and systems, MAHLE can thus also offer integrated system solutions for e-mobility.

MAHLE products are fitted in at least every second vehicle worldwide. For decades, MAHLE components and systems have also been used on the world’s racetracks and off the road—in stationary applications, for mobile machinery, rail transport, as well as marine applications."
Nippon Paint Ind...,4.1,(560 Reviews),Private,Osaka + 83 more,142 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Nippon Paint is based in Japan and has over 140 years of experience in the paint industry. The number one paint manufacturer in Asia, and among the leading paint manufacturers of the world.

Nippon Paint produces high-quality paints and coats for automotive, industrial and decorative sectors. Over the years, Nippon Paint has perfected its products by means of breakthrough paint technology, with an emphasis on innovation and eco-friendliness. We are driven by the philosophy of enhancing life through innovations – to consistently deliver paint solutions that not only serve your needs, but also protect the world we live in. After over ten years in the Indian market, Nippon Paint is steadily becoming a household name. Apart from a range of interior, exterior and enamel finishes, we have many specialty products that showcase its technological prowess."
FIS,3.8,(560 Reviews),Pune + 14 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
MakeMyTrip,4.0,(760 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 35 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are India’s one-stop-travel-shop that is transforming how Indians travel. Powered by technology, we’re helping India go places with our wide array of products and services through our powerful portfolio of brands MakeMyTrip, Goibibo and RedBus. – catering to the needs of all Indian travelers. From cabs, buses, trains, flights to hotels, home stays, holiday packages and more – we are catering to the ever-evolving needs of travelers across the spectrum.
 
Our almost two decade long journey is shaped by the vision and entrepreneurial spirit of every ‘Go-Tripper’– who strives to make the experience of every traveler convenient, seamless and distinctive. We’re home to some of the best travel ideas – and our growth is a testimony of our team’s passion and dedication to provide widest range of choices and finest travel solutions to customers."
Bank of India,3.9,(557 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 133 more",117 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Bank of India was founded on 7th September, 1906 by a group of eminent businessmen from Mumbai. The Bank was under private ownership and control till July 1969 when it was nationalised along with 13 other banks.
Beginning with one office in Mumbai, with a paid-up capital of Rs.50 lakh and 50 employees, the Bank has made a rapid growth over the years and blossomed into a mighty institution with a strong national presence and sizable international operations. In business volume, the Bank occupies a premier position among the nationalised banks.
The Bank has over 5000 branches in India spread over all states/ union territories including specialized branches. These branches are controlled through 54 Zonal Offices and 8 NBG Offices. There are 60 branches/ offices and 5 Subsidaries and 1 joint venture abroad."
Aviva Life Insur...,4.1,(557 Reviews),JV,London + 86 more,327 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aviva India or Aviva Life Insurance Company India Limited is a joint venture between Dabur Invest Corp and Aviva International Holdings Limited – a UK based insurance group, whose association with India goes back to 1834.

We understand that customers find insurance to be complex, which is why we believe in creating ‘simple products’ that deliver great value.

With a strong sales force of over 14,000 Financial Planning Advisers (FPAs), we have initiated and pioneered many innovative sales approaches, including the concept of Bancassurance and Financial Health Check services. We are among the first companies to introduce the contemporary unit-linked products. We believe that an insurance solution should be an informed purchase and a lifelong relationship. 

A seasoned team of fund managers make our fund management one of the key differentiators. In India, with a wide distribution network of 122 branches spreading across nearly 1,000 towns and cities, we offer insurance solutions to customers across the country. 

Through our Street to School programme, our Corporate responsibility initiative, we reach out to over 5,00,000 underprivileged children to help with education and other inequalities faced by them."
ThyssenKrupp Ind...,4.1,(557 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 35 more",76 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"thyssenkrupp Industries India Pvt. Ltd. (tkII) in the last seven decades has grown to become one of the most trusted names in the fields of Sugar Plants & Machinery, Open Cast Mining & Bulk Material Handling Systems, Cement Plants & Machinery and Boilers & Power plants. Today with strong foundations and access to world-class technology tkII’s plantmaking capabilities are helping the industry become competitive world over.

tkII’s strategic vision as an EPC Contractor to execute turnkey projects is derived from its core strength of integrated engineering expertise & automation in manufacturing backed by an excellent team of project executives.

The company firmly believes in delivering total customer satisfaction spanning from Concept to Commissioning and prompt after sales service.

tkII’s highly competent project management capabilities are a result of its tradition of anticipating and fulfilling specific customer requirements. A highly qualified team of engineers and technicians, supported by the most modern IT infrastructure ensures the brand of quality that thyssenkrupp is known for worldwide. The emergence of a true market leader speaks volumes about the world-class technology inherent in the company's products. The company's nationwide branch network along with the support of thyssenkrupp's global establishments enable it to meet the needs of customers on time."
Teva Pharmaceuti...,4.1,(803 Reviews),Private,"Dublin,Dublin + 29 more",44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In a complex world, Teva's mission is simple: to improve the lives of patients across the globe. We believe that everyone should have access to quality medicines whether it be for managing disease, fighting infections, or simply improving overall health.We are proud that since Teva’s establishment in 1901, healthcare providers together with patients and caregivers have been using our accessible generic and innovative products. Today, our portfolio of around 3,500 products is among the largest of any pharmaceutical company in the world. Nearly 200 million people in 60 countries benefit from one of Teva's quality medicines every day. We invest in research and development of generic medicines and biopharmaceuticals, carrying on the legacy of more than a century of finding new ways to help patients improve their lives. This defines our values as a company and characterizes how we do business and approach medicine."
TNQ Technologies,3.6,(556 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 5 more,25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"TNQ is a publishing technology and services company based in Chennai, India. Founded in 1998, TNQ today serves some of the world leaders in STM publishing - like Elsevier, Wolters Kluwer, Royal Society of Chemistry - across time zones from Australia to North America, specialising in Roman script composition and XML-first production processes."
Samsung Engineer...,4.3,(556 Reviews),Private,"Suwon-Si,Gyeonggi-Do + 40 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),The company's line of business includes providing professional engineering services.
Colliers Interna...,4.1,(555 Reviews),Private,Ontario + 28 more,28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Colliers is a leading global real estate services and investment management company. With operations in 68 countries, our 14,000 enterprising people (17,000+ including affiliates) work collaboratively to provide expert advice and services to maximize the value of property for real estate occupiers, owners and investors.

For more than 20 years, our experienced leadership team, owning approximately 40% of our equity, have delivered industry-leading investment returns for shareholders. In 2018, corporate revenues were $2.8 billion ($3.3 billion including affiliates), with more than $26 billion of assets under management.

Colliers International (CIGI) is listed on the NASDAQ and TSX."
Imperial Auto In...,3.8,(555 Reviews),Public,"Faridabad,Haryana + 23 more",54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Imperial Auto Industries Limited is India’s largest integrated manufacturer and assembler of fluid transmission products. Today, we have a widespread setup with over 20 facilities across India managed by the parent company and another 7 units in India and worldwide as part of group joint ventures and global operations. We believe that our continuous growth in business is a result of delivering quality products, improving process quality, and inculcating quality mindset in every aspect of our enterprise."
Urban Company,3.7,(555 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 38 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Urban Company (formerly known as UrbanClap) is recognized as the fastest-growing startup in India. We are a mobile marketplace for local services. We help customers hire trusted professionals for all their service needs. We are staffed with young, passionate people working tirelessly to make a difference in the lives of people by catering to their service needs at their doorsteps. We provide housekeeping services which consist of Plumbers, Electricians, Carpenters, Cleaning and Pest Control. We also provide personal services like beauty, spa, mobile and other appliance repairs etc. Be it getting a plumbing job done, improving your fitness through yoga, learning to play the guitar, decorating your home or getting candid photos of your wedding clicked, we are a sure shot destination for your service needs."
Tata steel BSL,4.0,(555 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 26 more",36 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"In 2018, Tata Steel acquired Tata Steel BSL Limited (formerly known as Bhushan Steel Limited) through its wholly owned subsidiary. Tata Steel BSL Ltd is one of the prominent players in the Indian Steel industry. Backed with more than 27 years of experience, we are now India's 3rd largest Secondary Steel Producing Company with an existing steel production capacity of 5.6 million ton per annum. As one of the largest integrated steel players in India,Tata Steel BSL is a source for vivid variety of products such as Hot Rolled Coil ,CRCA ,CRFH ,Galvanized Coil and Sheet ,Galume Coil and Sheet ,Color Coated Coils,Color Coated Tiles,High Tensile Steel Strips,Hardened & Tempered Steel Strips,Precision Tubes,HFW/ERW Pipe (API Grade),3LP Coated Pipes,Billets and Sponge Iron. Being amongst the prime movers of the technological revolution in Indian Cold Rolled Steel Industry, Tata Steel BSL has emerged as the country's largest and the only Cold Rolled Steel Plant with an independent line for manufacturing Cold Rolled Coil and Sheet up to a width of 1700mm. Along with this we also have a Galvanized Coil and Sheet line up to a width of 1350 mm. In addition, strengthening us to grow from pillar to pillar is our robust network of sales and marketing units across Indian continent and other countries helping us reach our global customer base. At Tata Steel BSL, we are living tomorrow today; because the endeavor to a brighter future starts from today. In superior community building, in harnessing safety, by nurturing the environment and by adopting world-class technology for producing outstanding products, Tata's resilient approach to its impeccable vision makes it a global Integrated Steel producer."
GlaxoSmithKline ...,4.6,(572 Reviews),Public,London + 86 more,23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a science-led global healthcare company with a mission: we want to help people to do more, feel better, live longer. The vaccines, medicines and consumer healthcare products that we research and develop can improve people’s health and well-being, ultimately helping them to live life to its fullest and contribute to the prosperity of their communities.

GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd is an associate of GlaxoSmithKline plc.of U.K, one of world’s largest consumer healthcare companies. We have a heritage that goes back over 160 years. Our purpose is to help more people around the world to do more, feel better and live longer with everyday healthcare products.  Our goal is to build a global, growing business - we call a Fast Moving Consumer Healthcare (FMCH) company - dedicated to everyday healthcare with all of the scientific expertise and quality guarantees that demands, working at the speed and with the genuine consumer understanding the modern world expects.

We are one of the world’s leading over-the-counter (OTC) medicines company. We hold number one positions in OTC medicines across 36 markets, and are market leaders in specialist oral care."
Visionary RCM In...,3.5,(553 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 10 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Visionary RCM (VRCM) is an ISO 27001:2013, SOC 2 TYPE II HIPAA compliant, knowledge centric organization, specializing in Risk Adjustment solutions, Revenue Integrity, Integrated Care Delivery & Revenue Cycle Solutions for the Payers & Providers. VRCM offers business solutions to over 250+ healthcare clients by combining operational excellence with deep domain expertise Visionary is owned by “The Carlyle Group”, world’s second largest Asset Management Company with over $216B in AUM.Founded in 2006, VRCM is headquartered in Chennai (India) & global delivery centers at 5 locations in India & 100% wholly owned subsidiaries in Minnesota, Florida and California. We began our journey with four member team by providing integrated Revenue Cycle Management Services to the Provider segment in the US. Over the last 13 years, we have scaled our resources to 3000+ global pool and have expanded our core service offerings to include Medical Risk Adjustment Services, Programs, Audit and Quality of Care for Medicare, Commercial Risk Adjustment Services, Global Coding Services, Global Risk Adjustment Coding, Medicaid and Commercial Health Plans."
HighRadius,3.2,(551 Reviews),Private,"Houston,Texas + 6 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"HighRadius offers cloud-based Autonomous Software for the Office of the CFO. More than 700 of the world’s leading companies have transformed their order to cash, treasury, and record-to-report processes with HighRadius. Our customers include 3M, Unilever, Anheuser-Busch InBev, Sanofi, Kellogg Company, Danone, Hershey’s, and many more.

Autonomous Software is data-driven software that continuously morphs its behavior to the ever-changing underlying domain transactional data. It brings modern digital transformation capabilities like Artificial Intelligence, Robotic Process Automation, Natural Language Processing, and Connected Workspaces as out-of-the-box features for the finance & accounting domain.

Finance business stakeholders have been led to believe that they have only two choices: pick an application software vendor that digitizes a paper or Excel-based process to an electronic system of record, or, choose a middleware platform for AI or RPA to build and maintain in-house, domain-specific capabilities. In contrast, HighRadius Autonomous Software combines the best of both worlds to deliver measurable business outcomes such as DSO reduction, working capital optimization, bad-debt reduction, reduced month-close timelines, and improved productivity in under six months."
Genius Consultan...,3.8,(551 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 63 more",30 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Genius is an ISO IEC 27001:2013 certified 27 years young company and started its business operation with Permanent Staffing Solutions as its core competency under the leadership of Mr.R.P.Yadav (Chairman & Managing Director) . Subsequently, Genius diversified its operation into Flexi Staffing Solutions which was launched in 2001 that deals with outsourcing of manpower. During the course of its further diversification, Genius has launched five of its featured products, namely Payroll Processing Services, Background Checks & Verification Services, Statutory Compliances Management , Facility Management & Security Services , HRMS & Payroll on Cloud and Training & Development Services. Genius has managed marquee clients by providing the technical platform for processing the employee’s Leave , Attendance, Income Tax, Salary, Statutory, Disbursement, Appraisal , Training etc. Genius has also undertaken integration of biometric and GEO tracking attendance through the mobile device. Genius provides services for Flexi Staffing, Permanent Staffing, Payroll Processing, Background Check, Compliance Management, HRMS & Payroll on Cloud, Facility Management & Security Services and Training & Development Services."
GE Power,4.3,(766 Reviews),Public,"Schenectady,Düsseldorf + 44 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GE Power India Limited has strong capabilities in engineering, manufacturing, project management and supply of products and solutions for infrastructure. Its operations include a composite range of activities viz. engineering, procurement, manufacturing, construction and servicing etc. of power plants and power equipment. It has engineering centres in Noida and Kolkata and manufacturing unit dedicated to Boilers in Durgapur.GE Power India Limited is a publicly owned Company, incorporated on 2 September 1992 as Asea Brown Boveri Management Limited, under the provisions of Indian Companies Act. The equity shares of the Company are listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited."
Xebia,4.2,(548 Reviews),Private,"Hilversum,Hilversum + 8 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Xebia explores and creates new frontiers in IT. We provide innovative products and services and strive to stay one step ahead of our customers’ needs.We turn new technology trends into business advantages. As mainstream frontrunners, we create new IT solutions and build the future with our customers.Customers choose Xebia for our innovative solutions, technological depth, and craftsmanship.True knowledge workers find Xebia to be an inspiring place to work where they are challenged by peers.It’s your business, we accelerate it.We are a group of highly ambitious craftsmen. From digital strategy to technology implementation. As such we are a one stop shop for full stack digital transformation. We provide innovative solutions and services to help your organization become a digital winner.We are organized in specialized centers of excellence all over the world. With like-minded individuals aiming for authority in their respective fields.Xebia Group consists of six specialized companies: Xebia Services, Xebia Academy, XebiaLabs, StackState, GoDataDriven, Instruqt, and Xpirit."
Airtel Payments ...,4.2,(548 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 147 more",7 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"As India’s first Payments Bank, we aim to give every Indian access to an equal, effective, and trustworthy banking experience.

Airtel Payments Bank was launched in January 2017, by Bharti Airtel, India’s largest telecom provider, to support the cashless revolution promised by the Government of India.

Airtel Payments Bank is a differentiated bank that provides essential financial services to its customers. In order to cater to the needs of the underserved and unbanked population in the country, our products are built as a solution to the problems posed by traditional banking – from long queues to endless documentation to inconvenient travelling. We aim to make banking simpler, more convenient, and more intuitive.

With telecom, we opened up communication lines across India to serve the unique needs and wants for each of our customers. With banking, we have taken that passion for serving people and emerged as an easier, more intuitive and more accessible solution to problems that plague banking in India."
Air India Sats A...,4.0,(548 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 22 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"AISATS is a 50:50 joint venture between Air India Limited, and SATS Limited, a leading gateway services and food solutions provider in Asia. As part of the Indian Government's initiative to upgrade its airports to world-class facilities and attract more airlines to fly into India, AISATS was formed with the vision to provide world-class airport services in ground and cargo handling that exceed customers’ expectations.

Since the start of its operations in 2008, AISATS has provided hassle-free and comprehensive solutions to its customer airlines in international airports at Bengaluru, Delhi, Hyderabad, Mangalore and Trivandrum. Currently employing over 7,000 staff, AISATS offers end-to-end ground handling services such as passenger and baggage handling, ramp handling, aircraft interior cleaning, load control and flight operations, and cargo handling services for general, perishable, transshipment, express courier and special cargo. In the past year, AISATS’ Cargo Airfreight Terminal in Bengaluru won the “Air Cargo Terminal Operator” for the 4th year running from the Indian Chamber of Commerce. AISATS’ customers also won various “best performing” station awards from their respective HQs as well. AISATS is ISAGO (IATA Safety Audit for Ground Operations) and ISO 9001:2008 certified."
Precision Techse...,4.0,(547 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 74 more,24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Precision provides Biometric, IoT, Cloud & Systems Integration solutions and IT Infrastructure Management Services. Precision adopts a consulting approach to address the needs of clients and has a very strong R&D and IP creation focus. With a PAN India presence and a 2400+ strong team of experienced and skilled certified pre-sales, sales & technical personnel, Precision strives to deliver value to its clients, leading to the creation of a large and loyal base of delighted customers"
Napino Auto & El...,4.1,(546 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 6 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Napino Auto & Electronics Ltd. is a focused and dynamic company committed to achieving greater value for its customers in the field of auto electrical and electronic products.
Appreciating the continually evolving needs of the automotive industry, the company has kept abreast with the leading global technologies and consistently developed innovative products and variants for its customers. Moving into the future, Napino aims to expand its presence globally as a one-point solution provider from concept to manufactured products and enhance value for its customers."
Ahluwalia Contra...,3.9,(545 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 32 more",58 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With specialized experience in the Construction Industry for more than 39 years, we, at Ahluwalia Contracts, have carved a niche for ourselves in the industry as one of the leading Civil Contractors of the country. Our turnover of over INR 1646.58 Crores for the financial year 2017-18 is indicative of our high ranking in the industry & also recognized and awarded in the category of “Best Professionally Managed Company (> Rs. 1000 Crores)” by Construction Industry Development Council (CIDC). We have earned the three recognition i.e. ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 & OHSAS 18001:2007. However, we pride ourselves not on account of our turnover but on our commitment to construction quality. Our company’s ideological foundations in respect of commitment to time bound completion of projects and high quality construction have been the corner stones to our rapid growth over the years. Our consistent pursuit of customer satisfaction has won us several prestigious awards and alround acclaim in the past."
Diageo,4.2,(1k Reviews),Public,London + 65 more,26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"As a global leader in beverage alcohol, our 200+ brands are part of everyday celebrations in over 180 countries. Our ambition? We want to be one of the best performing, most trusted and respected consumer products companies in the world."
Godrej Propertie...,3.7,(544 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 23 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Godrej Properties Limited is a real estate company with its head office in Mumbai, India.A subsidiary of Godrej Industries Ltd, the company was established in 1990 under the leadership of Adi Godrej. The company is currently developing projects that are estimated to cover more than 89.7 million square feet."
UBS,3.8,(544 Reviews),Private,Zurich + 23 more,8 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"UBS works with individuals, families, institutions, and corporations around the world to help answer some of life's questions – whether through award winning wealth management advisory, investment banking and asset management expertise, or private and corporate banking services in Switzerland. 
 
We're a team of more than 66,000 colleagues, collaborating across all major financial centers in 50 countries. We strive for excellence in everything we do, and this has awarded us recognition across our businesses.  We offer a collaborative, international and diverse working environment that rewards passion, commitment and success – and are regularly recognized as an attractive employer."
CarDekho,3.6,(542 Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 49 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CarDekho Group, founded in 2008, has footprints in India and South-East Asia. The group has empowered millions of auto enthusiasts enabling them to own their dream vehicles. CarDekho Group operates leading auto portals - CarDekho, ZigWheels, BikeDekho, PowerDrift, OTO (Indonesia & Malaysia), Carmudi (Philippines) for new, and Gaadi for used cars. The group is now recognized in India as the largest automotive video content player with 4 million+ hours viewed annually, the largest consumer-facing digital destination with 55 million+ monthly unique visitors, and the largest auto social media platform. The group is a complete auto ecosystem in itself as it stands with the customers throughout their auto search-buy-own-sell cycle. 

Rupyy, part of the CarDekho group, enables end-to-end digital auto loan journey thereby making the entire process easy and convenient for auto customers and retailers alike."
Alok Industries,3.9,(542 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 20 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Alok was established in 1986 as a private limited company, with our first polyester texturising plant being set up in 1989. We became a public limited company in 1993. Over the years, we have expanded into weaving, knitting, processing, home textiles and garments. And to ensure quality and cost efficiencies we have integrated backward into cotton spinning and manufacturing partially oriented yarn through the continuous polymerisation route. We also provide embroidered products through Grabal Alok Impex Ltd., our associate company.

- That is how we have evolved into a diversified manufacturer of world-class home textiles, garments, apparel fabrics and polyester yarns, selling directly to manufacturers, exporters, importers, retailers and to some of the world’s top brands.

- Alok has a strong foothold in the domestic retail segment through a wholly owned subsidiary, Alok H&A Limited, under the cash & carry model that offer garments and home textiles at attractive price points.
- Alok also has an international presence in the retail segment through its associate concern, Grabal Alok (UK) Limited. This entity owns more than 200 outlets across England, Scotland and Wales vending value for money ranges for menswear, women-swear, children wear, footwear, home ware and accessories."""
Bechtel,4.2,(542 Reviews),Private,"Reston,Virginia + 20 more",125 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bechtel helps our customers deliver projects of purpose that create a lasting positive legacy. These are projects that create jobs and grow economies; improve the resiliency of the world's infrastructure; connect communities to resources and opportunity; get us closer to net zero; protect U.S. and allied interests; tackle critical environmental challenges to protect people and the planet; and accelerate progress to make the world a cleaner, greener, safer place.

While expertise enables delivery, partnerships ensure long-term success, which is why we align everything we do to our customers’ goals.

Since 1898, we have helped customers complete more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents."
Exela Technologi...,3.6,(542 Reviews),Private,"Irving,Texas + 13 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"BancTec is a global leader, providing financial transaction automation and document management services for organizations seeking to drive efficiency in their financial back-office processes. Combined with Dataforce Group, BancTec is now one of the largest BPO businesses"
HFCL,4.1,(645 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 74 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Himachal Futuristic Communication Limited (HFCL) is a Public Limited Company incorporated in India. Established in 1987, HFCL is a diverse Telecom Infrastructure Enabler with active interest spanning Telecom Infrastructure Development, System Integration, and Manufacture and Supply of High-End Telecom Equipment and Optic Fiber Cable (OFC). 

Over the past three decades, HFCL has delivered innovative, customized and competitive Products and latest Solutions in the High Technology Telecommunications Infrastructure Sector and implemented several Greenfield Projects including the setting up of CDMA & GSM Networks; Satellite Communications, Wireless Spectrum Management and DWDM Optical Transmission Network.

The Company is focused on serving new high growth opportunities in Railways, Homeland Security, Smart Cities and Defence. Government’s initiatives such as Railway Modernization, Defence Self-Sufficiency, Digital Security, Make in India, Smart Cities etc. have helped accelerate HFCL’s Growth. Due to extensive work in the Telecom Infrastructure Space, HFCL has assimilated a knowledge base of constructing formidable Telecom Network across all kinds of topographies, a feature crucial to Indian geography, in particular. In the recent times, HFCL is spreading its business spectrum by adding manufacturing of Defence Gears and turnkey installation of Communication and Signaling Network for Railways."
Vedanta Aluminiu...,4.0,(541 Reviews),Private,"Jharsuguda,Odisha + 23 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aluminium- From Cola Cans to Bicycles, Foil to Windows, Cooking Pans to Aircraft, Aluminium is key to our everyday lives. Aluminium is non-corrosive and 100% recyclable, over and over again, without any loss of its natural properties. It can help save trees by replacing wood in construction, interiors and furniture. Light, durable and flexible, Aluminium contributes to the basics of life.The chief source of Aluminium is bauxite ore. Interestingly, Aluminium is the most abundant metal in the Earth's crust, and the third most abundant element. The estimated reserves of bauxite in India are 2.9 billion tonnes and Orissa has over 50% of India's bauxite reserves"
Jacobs Engineeri...,4.2,(547 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,TX + 25 more",76 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"""What we do is more than a job, we work every day to make the world better for all. Everything we do – from addressing water scarcity and aging infrastructure to ensuring access to life-saving therapies and protecting against sophisticated cyberattacks – is more than projects outlined in proposal requests. They’re our challenges as human beings, too.

That’s why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships. We know we can help our partners make a positive impact on the world. We lead large project teams with many different companies and agencies – but make sure everyone’s voice has a chance to be heard and respected."""
Medha Servo Driv...,4.2,(540 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 37 more",39 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Medha Servo Drives Pvt. Ltd., founded in 1984, is focused on rail transportation. Since inception, Medha has used Research and Development as a tool for success and today we are proud to be known for our product range, domain knowledge, design expertise, quality and manufacturing capabilities. Starting from humble beginning, over the last 35 years our company has grown to employ over 3200 talented people whose commitment has led to a sales revenue of INR 17.4 billion (approximately USD 250 million) for the year 2018-19, with the revenues growing at the rate of 27% year over year (CAGR) for the past ten years. Medha’s vision is to become world leader in railway products and to achieve this we specialise in three areas, Control Electronics, Power Electronics and safety critical Signalling."
Vedanta Resource...,3.9,(2.4k Reviews),Public,London + 54 more,47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We operate on the belief that our people are our core assets and we consistently endeavour towards developing their potential to be our future leaders and key employees. We currently operate in India, Zambia, Namibia, South Africa, Ireland and Australia through our various subsidiaries. We seek to attract talent especially in mining, metallurgy, geology, smelting and sustainability for our worldwide operations. Empowerment of the community requires a synergic satisfaction of human needs and our view is that a shared destiny approach will benefit the community and boost economic prosperity. With a business model of growth, constant value creation and improved operations, the company's vision is focused towards sustainably satisfying the needs of all our stakeholders by engaging the community we operate in. We have adopted a positive attitude to make our Sustainable Development initiatives successful for all."
Parekh Integrate...,4.1,(538 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 63 more",42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Parekh Integrated Services Pvt Ltd (“Parekh”) is a Leading Logistics and Supply Chain Solutions provider in India providing high quality services with innovative integrated solutions enabling its customers to gain a competitive advantage in the Indian Market. It offers storage & distribution services, freight forwarding, transportation, cold chain management solutions along with other value added services to various sectors, especially Healthcare, Chemicals, Paints, Agri and Agri Chemicals, FMCG etc. In its almost 4 decades of journey, Parekh has lasting relationships with 80+ customers for whom it handles a throughput of $1.5 Billion+ annually with a workforce of 2500+ personnel across 300+ distribution centres spanning across 60+ cities in India. Key differentiators include team’s domain expertise, understanding of industry functioning, know-how of statutory compliance requirements, organic background in distribution and trading business in India. These capabilities are backed by captive world class IT solutions."
HT Media,3.7,(732 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 35 more",99 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"HT Media found its beginning in 1924 when its flagship newspaper, Hindustan Times was inaugurated by Mahatma Gandhi. HT Media (BSE,NSE) has grown to become one of India's largest media companies. Produced by an editorial team known for its quality,innovation and integrity,Hindustan Times (English newspaper) is the choice for 38.05 lakh readers, who turn to it daily for news, information, analysis and entertainment. Rated as the number one newspaper choice of Delhi, it holds a strong second position as the most popular English daily across India."
Softenger,4.2,(537 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 22 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Softenger was incorporated in August 1999. We are an ISO 9001, ISO 27001 certified entity and are compliant with EICC norms. We have our presence in India, Singapore, Malaysia & Dubai. We serve our clients and offer them services and solutions in IT Infrastructure Management Services, Application Development & Support, and IT Process automation.

At Softenger, we drive innovations, bring ideas, solution and services to life and advance the well-being of businesses around the globe. We strongly believe in client satisfaction, and that has led to continued success. Softenger is consistently well-known for its growth and expertise in the IT industry. We admire our motto “Strive to excel”, to provide an exceptional value and delivering superior services to our business partners & not just their IT environment."
Chetu,3.5,(536 Reviews),Private,"Plantation,Florida + 3 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 2000, Chetu is an award-winning provider of software development and support services. Employing over 2,800 software experts across the globe, Chetu is propelled from its two main software development centers located in Sector 63, Noida. 

Featuring over 155,000 square feet of development space, these state-of-the-art facilities provide the ideal setting for developers to work on the latest software solutions and rapidly advance their careers. 

Aside from offering superior development environments, and a complimentary Skill Development Center for the local community, Chetu’s Noida centers also feature modern amenities and programs such as gyms, cafeterias, and company-sponsored clubs to further promote the growth mindset of the Chetu family."
Fareportal,3.3,(535 Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 7 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Fareportal’s unique hybrid business model bridges the gap between an online travel agency and a traditional travel agency by providing a convenient online booking capability as well as a 24/7 personalized trip booking experience arranged by hundreds of trained and certified travel agents in multiple countries and in multiple languages. By leveraging company owned and operated contact centers located worldwide, we are able to deliver one of the highest levels of customer service and support in the air travel business."
GEP Worldwide,3.9,(535 Reviews),Private,"Clark,New Jersey + 5 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GEP offers the perfect blend of strategic and advisory services, pace-setting technology and managed services, with a laser focus on procurement and supply chain transformation to help clients achieve their business goals."
Shriram General ...,3.8,(535 Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 131 more",15 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Shriram General Insurance Company Limited is a Joint Venture between Shriram Capital Limited (Part of Shriram Group) and Sanlam Limited. In this Joint Venture, Shriram Capital Limited holds 74% of Equity and Sanlam Limited holds the balance 26% of the Equity"
Hitachi Systems ...,4.0,(535 Reviews),Private,"Chiyoda City,Tokyo + 66 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hitachi Systems Micro Clinic delivers innovative technology solutions to enable enterprises and government to realign and integrate their IT processes to be more responsive to their customer’s needs. Build over 25 years, Hitachi Systems Micro Clinic solves complex problems for their clients by their expertise in Digital, Cloud, Infrastructure Management, Security and Managed Services. Driven by the century old in-depth experience of Hitachi, we help our customers transform to optimize their technology requirements as per their business strategy"
Carnival Cruise ...,4.6,(534 Reviews),Public,"Miami,Florida + 18 more",51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"If you’re thinking of cruising, there’s a very good chance you’re considering a Carnival cruise. Growing since our founding in 1972, Carnival Cruise Line — “The World’s Most Popular Cruise Line®” — now carries millions of passengers every year. Our newest ship is Carnival Horizon, which debuted in 2018, and we’re introducing sister ship Carnival Panorama this December. Next year, definitely look for the transformed Carnival Radiance and the game-changing new Mardi Gras.
Carnival Cruise Line is proud to be part of a family of companies owned by Carnival Corporation, which includes sister lines Princess Cruises, Holland America Line and Cunard Line, among others."
United Breweries,3.9,(626 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 71 more",166 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In 1915, the foundation of Good Times was laid with the coming together of 5 breweries in South India. Today, our beer business has shown strong growth and we are the undisputed king of the Indian beer market.United Breweries Limited is synonymous with innovation and aggressive marketing that is complemented by a strong distribution network which encompasses an impressive spread of owned and contract manufacturing facilities across the country."
DAV Public Schoo...,4.1,(531 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 117 more",137 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"D.A.V. stands for Faith in the eternal values of Vedic culture and study DAV Public School, Sahibabad, NCRof Modern Indian Language, Science and Technology. The school is committed to academic excellence, art, athletics and intellectual growth of the students. It also aims at inculcating strong moral and social values in the students. D.A.V. Public School, Ghaziabad (U.P.) was established in April 1984 under D.A.V. College Managing Committee, Chitragupta Road, New Delhi with 60 students and 7 teachers. Today it has its own magnificent spacious building spread over an area of 10 acres with Facilities for academics, games and sports. It has about 4600 students and staff spanning over 250. School Vision Bestow upon our students totality in education with elite excellence & spirited cognizance in compassionate environment to envisage all round development of their personality. ICT Vision To foresee distinguish and respond to changing trends & opportunities in worldwideDAV Public School, Sahibabad, NCR education, we integrate effectual technological infrastructure as a mechanism ascertaining technology creation capabilities,where by analyzing and hijacking the gains of information technology with an inclination to support revolutionary professional teaching & inquisitive learning School Mission Impart spectacular & holistic education for a better tomorrow with affluent legacy of the orient in order to engender model Indian citizen for the transmission of global knowledge and attitudes having harmonious blend of Vedic trace & Scientific approach."
Ola Electric Mob...,3.1,(531 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 56 more",6 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"OLA Electric is working with vehicle and battery manufacturers, cities, driver-partners, and the mobility ecosystem to make electric mobility convenient, dependable, and affordable"
NeoSOFT,3.3,(530 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 12 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Neosoft Technologies is a software and electronics engineering company specializing in defence, aerospace, electro-optical and communications markets. Neosoft has a unique experience combining software and electronics fields. Our customers are research centers, universities and high-tech companies. The size and the experience of Neosoft Technologies allow us to give a professional, rapid and customized service that meets our customer needs."
Bajaj Housing Fi...,3.9,(530 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 95 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bajaj Housing Finance Limited (BHFL) has been incorporated as a housing finance company under the Companies Act, 1956, regulated by the National Housing Bank (NHB).About Bajaj Housing Finance Limited Bajaj Housing Finance Limited (BHFL) is a 100% subsidiary of Bajaj Finance Limited – one of the most diversified NBFCs in the country with 19 product lines across consumer, commercial and SME finance catering to more than 38.6 million customers across the country. Head quartered in Pune, Bajaj Housing Finance Limited offers finance to individuals as well as corporate entities for purchase, construction and renovation of homes or commercial spaces. It also provides loan against property for business or personal needs as well as offers working capital for business expansion purposes. It also offers finance to builders and developers engaged in construction of homes. The company enjoys highest long-term credit rating of AAA (Stable) by CRISIL and IND AAA (Stable) by India Ratings and highest short-term credit rating of CRISIL A1+ by CRISIL and IND A1+ by India Ratings."
KIMS Hospital,4.2,(529 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 31 more",11 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"KIMS Hospital is the largest independent hospital in Kent providing prompt, safe, quality care for our patients.We strive to provide the best possible care for you, at every stage from diagnosis to recovery. Our dedicated nursing teams will be with you every step of the way, and our expert consultants will ensure you have the treatment you need, with no waiting lists.Our state-of-the-art facilities and innovative technology support a wide range of specialist services, designed with our patients in mind.Our state-of-the-art facilities include:• 72 en-suite bedrooms• 20 day case beds• 17 consultation/examination rooms and 6 outpatient treatment rooms• 5 integrated operating theatres• Endoscopy suite•Enhanced care facility• Comprehensive diagnostic and imaging suite, including MRI and CT• Physical Therapy department with a gym area• Blood test service including histology, microbiology and blood sciences, providing prompt results"
Everest Industri...,4.2,(529 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 58 more",89 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Everest is one of India’s leading and fastest growing complete building solutions providers. Incorporated in 1934, Everest has a rich history in manufacturing of building materials and Pre-Engineered Steel Buildings. With the brand promise of delivering Strength, Speed and Safety to construction, Everest today offers a complete range of new age building products for roofing, ceiling, wall, flooring & cladding solutions and also manufactures Pre-Engineered Steel Buildings for industrial, commercial and residential applications. Its building products and solutions are available in more than 1,00,000 villages and 600 cities in India and also in over 35 countries globally. Everest has designed, manufactured and erected more than 2,000 Pre-Engineered Steel buildings across 275 cities in India. Backed by innovation, the Company has continuously introduced modern products & solutions over last eight decades to meet the contemporary requirements of the construction industry."
Birla Corporatio...,4.3,(896 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,India + 90 more",104 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Birla Corporation Limited is the flagship Company of the M.P. Birla Group. Incorporated as Birla Jute Manufacturing Company Limited in 1919, it was Late Mr. Madhav Prasad Birla who gave shape to it. As Chairman of the Company, he transformed it from a manufacturer of jute goods to a leading multi-product corporation with widespread activities. Under the Chairmanship of Mrs. Priyamvada Birla, the Company crossed the Rs. 1,300 - crore turnover mark and the name was changed to Birla Corporation Limited in 1998.  After the demise of Mrs. Priyamvada Birla, the Company continued to consolidate in terms of profitability, competitiveness and growth under the leadership of Mr. Rajendra S. Lodha, late Chairman of the M.P. Birla Group. Under his leadership, the Company posted its best ever results in the years ended 31.3.2006, 31.3.2007 and 31.3.2008. The Company continued to record impressive growth in 2008-09 and 2009-10."
GVPR Engineers,4.2,(528 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 45 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"GVPR mission is to build a world-class infrastructure company with the impeccable standards of professionalism, ethics and customer service and to thereby contribute to and benefit from the growth of the Indian economy.GVPR is an Infrastructure Construction Company having multiple divisions in Power Sector, the distribution of laying of power cables, erecting towers for high power transmission, construction of power stations, etc. In the Civil Engineering for executing medium to large civil constructions, roads, canals, etc. and Water Resource Management, which together form the core essential segments of our economy. GVPR has good experience in executing lift irrigation schemes and drinking water diversion schemes also, which is a critical part of rural irrigation schemes and making drinking water available to all.With 22 glorious years of experience, GVPR is a name synonymous with global standards, new generation workspaces and world cultures. GVPR has the distinction of developing and completing Government projects on par with the best in the world."
Indiabulls Ventu...,3.6,(528 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 72 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Indiabulls Ventures Limited is one of India’s leading capital market companies providing securities and derivative broking services. The company is registered with SEBI as a Stock Broker, a Depository Participant, a Research Analyst and a Merchant Banker in Category I. The Company’s equity shares are listed on The National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited and its Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The combined market capitalization of these companies for the financial year 2017-18 was Rs. 75,838.2 Cr.

The company’s subsidiary, Indiabulls Commodities Limited, provides commodity services in MCX and NCDEX exchanges. Indiabulls Ventures was the first Company to be assigned the BQ-1 grading by CRISIL, which is the highest broker quality grading, and is a reflection of the financial stability, strong fundamentals, and stringent risk management controls that the Company possesses. Brickworks Ratings has also assigned a strong credit rating of BWR A+ and BWR A1+ for its fund and non-fund based facilities.

The company is a pioneer of the online trading platform in the country. The company provides its healthy client base, in excess of 7 lacs, with investment solutions across asset classes through a dedicated sales team of more than 900 individuals across 18+ cities. The company is also engaged in the marketing of non-discretionary wealth management products through its subsidiaries.

Indiabulls Ventures is a part of the Indiabulls Group, which is one of the country's leading business houses with interests in housing finance, real estate, securities, personal financing, construction equipment leasing and facilities sector. The group had combined revenues of over Rs. 22,114.9 Cr. and PAT of over Rs. 6,072.2 Cr. as on the 31st of March 2018."
Air India,3.8,(925 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 41 more",93 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"AIR INDIA LIMITED is India’s national airline providing domestic and international air transport services for both passengers and cargo.

Air India pioneered the country’s aviation sector and its history is synonymous with the history of civil aviation in India.  Air India exudes the spirit of India by extending warm hospitality to all its guests which is an inherent characteristic of the Indian culture.

Since the first flight on October 15, 1932, Air India has grown to become a mega international airline connecting to over 40 destinations in the USA, Europe, Australia, Far-East and South-East Asia and the Gulf. The airline’s domestic network covers around 80 destinations, including all state capitals and far-flung areas of India’s North-East, Ladakh, Andaman and Nicobar Islands. 

Air India’s young and modern fleet of 125 aircraft comprises a mix of the latest state-of-the-art Boeing B787-Dreamliners, B777s, B747s, Airbus A330s, A321s, A320 Neos, A320s and A319s. Air India together with its subsidiaries Air India Express and Alliance Air have a total fleet size of 163 aircraft.

Air India also provides ground handling and engineering & maintenance services, as well as low-cost travel options and Domestic regional connectivity through its subsidiaries - Air India Charters Limited( Air India Express) and Airline Allied Service Limited (Alliance Air)."
CALIBEHR,3.9,(527 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 84 more",44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Calibehr is a professional business services enterprise. We combine the synergies of people, process and technology to drive seamless operations and sustainable growth for large Indian enterprises, multinational corporations and state governments.

We offer a comprehensive suite of digitally-enabled and digitally driven services through 350 delivery centres, empowering our clients to rise up to the challenges of an ever-growing and ever expanding business environment. Driven by a 10,000 strong team of forward thinking and outcome oriented individuals, we work in close collaboration to deliver quick, quantifiable results across 15 industries, in a digital-first world."
Troikaa Pharmace...,3.9,(527 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 57 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"1983 was the year in which Troikaa was founded. Commercial activities started in the year 1984. The beginnings were modest. We had a small factory & employee strength of the company was 15. Constant innovation & aggressive marketing have resulted in a steady growth for Troikaa. Today we can boast of an impressive corporate office at Ahmedabad, Gujarat. Three State-of-the-art manufacturing facilities, two in Ahmedabad and one in Dehradun, five marketing divisions & more than 2300 employees"
Fusion BPO Servi...,3.3,(527 Reviews),Private,"Draper,Utah + 13 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With 33 years of experience serving 100+ clients across all industries, Fusion BPO Services Group delivers world-class call center, outsourcing and customer care services from 9 global centers in USA, Canada, El Salvador, Philippines, Jamaica, Albania, Colombia, Morocco, UK and India."
Shalby Hospitals,4.6,(548 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 17 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Shalby Hospitals ( Shalby Limited), established by Dr. Vikram I. Shah in 1994 in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, operates a chain of multispecialty hospitals across India, holding an aggregate bed capacity of over 2000 hospital beds. Shalby’s recognition as a multispecialty tertiary hospital chain in the Indian healthcare industry was envisioned by its founder Dr. Vikram Shah – CMD, who has been felicitated by Ethicon India for the development of the ‘OS Needle’."
Natco Pharma,4.0,(525 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 31 more",42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Natco Pharma is an Indian pharmaceutical company based in Hyderabad, which makes finished dosage formulations and active pharmaceutical ingredients. It is the market leader in branded oncology medicines in India, and among the country's top three in producing hepatitis C drugs"
Aristo Pharmaceu...,4.2,(525 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 61 more",52 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Service Of The Healing Hands. Building a strong product portfolio is the bedrock of any Pharma success story. Aristo believes in blending its presence in high growth mass markets and high growth niche markets.The Marketing Team at Aristo is guided by a commitment and conviction to serve the prescribers, and to build a strong, sustainable & long-term relationship with them."
Karur Vysya Bank,3.7,(525 Reviews),Public,"Karur,Tamil Nadu + 95 more",107 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Karur Vysya Bank is a Scheduled Commercial Bank in India. It has completed 100 years of operation and is one of the leading banks in India, headquartered in Karur in Tamil Nadu. It was set up in 1916 by M. A. Venkatarama Chettiar and Athi Krishna Chettiar."
Metropolis Healt...,4.1,(524 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 67 more",43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are one of the leading diagnostics companies in India, by revenue, as of March 31, 2018 (Source: Frost & Sullivan). We have widespread presence across 19 states in India, as of March 31, 2018, with leadership position in west and south India (Source: Frost & Sullivan). Through our widespread operational network, we offer a comprehensive range of clinical laboratory tests and profiles, which are used for prediction, early detection, diagnostic screening, confirmation and/or monitoring of the disease. We also offer analytical and support services to clinical research organizations for their clinical research projects. During the financial year 2018, we conducted approximately 16.0 million tests from approximately 7.7 million patient visits.

We offer a broad range of approximately 3,487 clinical laboratory tests and 530 profiles, as of December 31, 2018. The profile comprises of a variety of test combinations which are specific to a disease or disorder as well as wellness profiles that are used for health and fitness screening."
Godfrey Phillips...,4.2,(524 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 70 more",90 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Godfrey Phillips India is one of the largest FMCG companies in the country with many iconic cigarette brands like Four Square, Red & White, and Cavanders to its name. We also have an exclusive sourcing and supply agreement with Philip Morris International to manufacture and distribute the renowned Marlboro brand in India.

Godfrey Phillips India has expanded its product portfolio beyond cigarettes and tobacco and entered India’s highly competitive chewing products, mouth freshener, confectionery segment and retail. Pan Vilas pan masala, Pan Vilas Silver Dewz – a silver-coated Elaichi (cardamom seed) and Funda Goli candies are all manufactured by the Company at attractive price points. Our premium retail outlets 24Seven is already a brand to contend with.

Our brands are popular and we are a successful company because our people love what they do, are fully committed to our consumers and are a great team to work with. Godfrey Phillips India has been certified as a Great Place to Work by the Great Place to Work® Institute and ranked 37th on India’s Best Companies to Work For 2019."
Atlas Copco,4.3,(524 Reviews),Public,"Nacka Municipality,Stockholm + 43 more",150 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Atlas Copco is a global, industrial company based in Stockholm, Sweden, with approximately 37 000 employees and customers in more than 180 countries. We are pioneers and technology drivers, and industries all over the world rely on our expertise. Our market-leading compressors, vacuum solutions, generators, pumps, power tools and assembly systems can be found everywhere. 

As a truly global company, we have a diverse group of talent that provides fresh ideas on how to best serve our customers. By listening to our customers and analyzing their needs, we continuously set new industry standards together."
Allianz Technolo...,4.5,(524 Reviews),"Munich,Bavaria + 9 more",133 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Allianz Technology India is a subsidiary of Allianz Technology, the global IT service provider for Allianz. We are a Great Place to Work-Certified™ organisation. With more than 10,000 employees and presence in over 52 countries around the globe, Allianz Technology works together with other Allianz entities in leading IT for the worldwide digitalization of Allianz.
As part of the full digitalization spectrum, our services portfolio includes Blockchain, Business Intelligence & Big Data, Digital Interactions, Hybrid Cloud, Artificial Intelligence and more. In short, we deliver full-scale, end-to-end IT solutions for Allianz in the digital age.
A diverse workforce
At Allianz Technology, we leverage our diversity to build an exciting future that celebrates innovation, difference, and sharing. Ours is an inclusive work environment that celebrates change. We want you to bring your true self to work each day and make the most of the opportunities at hand. Join us and make a difference!"
Bridge & Roof Co,3.6,(523 Reviews),Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSE),"Kolkata,West Bengal + 52 more",103 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1920, Bridge and Roof has since come under the administrative control of the Department of Heavy Industry, Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises, Government of India.

From a tiny acorn, today B&R has grown into a giant oak with an annual turnover of IRs. 2056.00 Crores during the year 2017-2018, serving both Private and Public Sectors, Indian and Overseas. Utilising the most modern construction equipment and technology, with high degree of expertise and substantial in-house resources, employing around 1244 people in its permanent cadre. During the execution of specific projects, the company hires services of skilled and unskilled workforce, depending on the nature and duration of the project.

B&R's pursuit of excellence and adherence to quality has earned itself THE QUALITY SYSTEM STANDARD, ISO 9001: 2008 for TANK CONSTRUCTION and ISO 9001 : 2008 for MANUFACTURE OF RAILWAY WAGONS, RAILWAY BRIDGE GIRDERS, BUNK HOUSES  and BAILEY TYPE UNIT BRIDGES at its Howrah Workshop.

B&R is a most versatile construction organisation, ready to take on new challenges and be recognized by our esteemed clients as a dynamic and professional organisation and a leader in the services B&R provides."
Medplus(optival ...,3.7,(523 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 49 more,17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"When Dr. Madhukar Gangadi came across a WHO report indicating that up to 30% of the fake medicines sold across the world came from India, he decided to study the Indian pharma retail market and sensed an opportunity to make a difference. He envisioned a company that would source all its medicines from reliable, big name suppliers, store medicines in optimal conditions to ensure their efficacy and take the risk out of buying medicines, give customers convenience to buy their medicines and value for their money.. The result was MedPlus."
DuPont,4.2,(522 Reviews),Private,"Wilmington,Delaware Valley + 46 more",221 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"After more than 200 years of innovation, DuPont is entering a new era of discovery. Our community of scientists, engineers, visionaries and all of our partners are working every day to turn possibilities into real world answers that help humanity thrive. Explore how DuPont is shaping a better world."
Varroc Polymers,3.9,(522 Reviews),Private,"Aurangabad,Maharashtra + 28 more",28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Varroc Polymers Private Limited manufactures and distributes automobile components and accessories. The Company supplies plastic and polymer, electrical and electronics, and precision metallic components, as well as exterior lighting systems to two and three wheelers, passenger cars, and off highway vehicle manufacturers. Varroc Polymers serves customers worldwide."
B. G. Shirke Con...,4.1,(522 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 21 more",79 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"B. G. Shirke Construction Technology Private Limited (BGSCTPL), formerly known as B. G. Shirke & Company, was established in 1944 by its Founder Chairman, Mr. B. G. Shirke. BGSCTPL is a multi-disciplinary civil, mechanical and electrical engineering organization having international technology tie-ups and over 12,000 workforce. It is a vibrant, dynamic and integral part of modern India, significantly contributing to industrial, economic and social progress. BGSCTPL also plays an active role in protecting and preserving the country’s eco-systems – its forests and waterways.  Company is well established in the civil engineering field for over 65 years."
Suzuki Motorcycl...,4.2,(6.9k Reviews),Private,Hamamatsu + 86 more,114 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SUZUKI MOTORCYCLE INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED is a subsidiary of Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan where in we are having the same manufacturing philosophy of VALUE PACKED PRODUCTS right from the inception. SMIPL will be manufacturing two wheelers best suited for the valuable Indian customers covering all segments.

Plant area and production capacity
We have installed our manufacturing plant in Gurgaon (Haryana) having the annual capacity of 7,50,000 Two Wheeler P.A. Total land area of the facility at Gurgaon is 37 acres out of which the present plant is constructed in an area of 10 acres of land. The remaining area is left for land development and future expansion."
Dassault Systeme...,4.1,(611 Reviews),Private,"Velizy-villacoublay,Yvelines + 7 more",42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Our business is innovation. Thanks to the 3DEXPERIENCE platform, we provide software solutions that allow customers to create innovative new products and services using virtual experiences. Our aim is to build a new development model to address the major challenges facing the world today. We have 290,000 customers and 25 million users across 11 industries worldwide. 

Our customers range from major accounts to startups and governments, as well as individual users. We provide solutions for all sectors of the economy, from mass retail to high-tech."
iMerit,4.0,(520 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 8 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"iMerit works with customers to enrich and label their data and to achieve the best results from their algorithms. Our work powers advanced algorithms in machine learning, computer vision, natural language understanding, e-commerce, augmented reality and data analytics. We work on data for transformative technologies such as advancing cancer cell research, optimizing crop yields and training driverless cars to understand their environment."
TEKsystems,3.8,(520 Reviews),Private,"Hanover,Maryland + 7 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At TEKsystems, we’re obsessed with technology. Its power to change everything. Technology fuels our passion and commitment to helping organizations do what they set out to. When we engage, we bring fresh ideas that help you galvanize your performance. Refine your strategy. Spark new energy. The future—and how we get there—depends on those who build, connect, create and transform our world. The most successful and innovative businesses are already doing it, and we’re skilled experts at bringing in the teams and support needed to thrive."
Ivrcl Infrastruc...,4.3,(520 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 49 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded over 25 years ago, we are a leading EPC and Infrastructure public limited company listed on NSE and BSE Stock Exchanges in India. Our core strength lies in our human resources and we have more than 3000 qualified engineers, managers and professional technocrats across India. 

We are the largest water company in India and we take pride in building & owning India’s 1st and largest desalination plant at Minjur (near Chennai) with 100MLD capacity.

We are present across the length and breadth of India with our major offices in metro cities such as New Delhi (NCR), Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Pune, Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Guwahati. We have also made our global footprints with operations in Sri Lanka, Africa and the Middle East."
Fusion Microfina...,4.1,(520 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 144 more",13 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Fusion Microfinance is a registered NBFC – MFI which operates in a Joint Liability Group lending model of Grameen. Fusion as an organization was set-up in 2010..Our clients comprises of 100% women living in rural and semi-urban areas. Our focus is reaching out to unbanked and providing financial services to women entrepreneurs belonging to the economically and socially deprived section of the society. Our responsibilities are not restricted merely to financial support but also to acquaint the clients to manage their financials by disseminating Financial Literacy to them. Fusion believes in robust business practices, transparent policies expressed in our Customer Centric efforts towards our Clientele. Fusion aspires to create value and balanced growth for all its stakeholders while keeping clients at the centre."
Morningstar,4.3,(520 Reviews),Private,"Chicago,Illinois + 11 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Morningstar, Inc. is a leading provider of independent investment research in North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. The company offers an extensive line of products and services for individual investors, financial advisors, asset managers, retirement plan providers and sponsors, and institutional investors in the private capital markets. 

Morningstar provides data and research insights on a wide range of investment offerings, including managed investment products, publicly listed companies, private capital markets, and real-time global market data. 

Morningstar also offers investment management services through its investment advisory subsidiaries, with more than $203 billion in assets under advisement and management as of June 30, 2018. The company has operations in 27 countries."
Bharti Infratel,4.5,(519 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 63 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bharti Infratel's core mission is in line with the Bharti Group's philosophy of building businesses which positively impact the society we live in. As one of the pioneers of Shared Tower Telecom Infrastructure services, Infratel has helped Telecom operators maximize their reach in a short period of time – by providing them compelling capex saving opportunities, as a result, making them focus their investment in reaching out to more and more communities across the country, and contributing in offering highly affordable telecom services which helps integrate more subscribers into the mainstream, and connect them to the rest of the world. In the long run, this helps change their socio-economic status, and improve their 'quality of life'."
JTEKT,4.1,(1k Reviews),Public,Osaka + 17 more,17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),JTEKT Corporation TYO: 6473.T is a Japanese corporation created in January 2006 upon the merger of two companies: Koyo Seiko Co. and Toyoda Machine Works. Toyoda Machine Works.
Pernod Ricard,3.8,(524 Reviews),Private,Paris + 81 more,48 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Pernod Ricard is the No.2 company worldwide in Wines & Spirits with consolidated Sales of € 8,987 million in FY18. Created in 1975 by the merger of Ricard and Pernod, the Group has undergone sustained development, based on both organic growth and acquisitions: Seagram (2001), Allied Domecq (2005), and Vin&Sprit (2008). Pernod Ricard holds one of the most prestigious brand portfolios in the industry: Absolut Vodka, Ricard pastis, Ballantine’s, Chivas Regal, Royal Salute, and The Glenlivet Scotch whiskies, Jameson Irish whiskey, Martell cognac, Havana Club rum, Beefeater gin, Malibu liqueur, Mumm and Perrier- Jouët champagnes, as well Jacob’s Creek, Brancott Estate, Campo Viejo, and Kenwood wines."
Happiest Minds T...,4.1,(518 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 10 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Happiest Minds, the Mindful IT Company, applies agile methodologies to enable digital transformation for enterprises and technology providers by delivering seamless customer experience, business efficiency and actionable insights. We leverage a spectrum of disruptive technologies such as: Big Data Analytics, AI & Cognitive Computing, Internet of Things, Cloud, Security, SDN-NFV, RPA, Blockchain, etc. Positioned as “Born Digital . Born Agile”, our capabilities spans across product engineering, digital business solutions, infrastructure management and security services. We deliver these services across industry sectors such as retail, consumer packaged goods, edutech, e-commerce, banking, insurance, hi-tech, engineering R&D, manufacturing, automotive and travel/transportation/hospitality"
Hindustan Sanita...,4.0,(518 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 52 more",63 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Set up in 1960 as Hindustan Twyfords Ltd, with a technical collaboration with Twyfords UK, to introduce vitreous china sanitaryware in India. The company was subsequently renamed Hindustan Sanitaryware and Industries Limited in 1969 and HSIL Limited in 2009.HSIL Limited is among India's top 500 companies as listed in the 'Fortune India 500' 2018 list. Currently, HSIL has four distinct business segments, namely the Building Products Division (BPD), Consumer Products Division (CPD), Retail Division and Packaging Products Division (PPD)."
SFO Technologies,3.6,(518 Reviews),Private,"Kochi/Cochin,Kerala + 12 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SFO Technologies, a subsidiary of the Nest Conglomerate, believes in delivering quality services and products to clients from all corners of the world. SFO provides solutions to markets as diverse as Healthcare, Communication, Industrial and Transport. The areas of operation cover - Manufacturing Services - Products & Technologies - Engineering & Software - Systems Integration"
V5 Global Servic...,3.9,(517 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 103 more",18 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"V5 Global is a Pan-India Integrated Business Process Consulting and Restructuring Organization that Provides a Host of Services in the Sales and Marketing Domain, to Businesses Across Industries and Geographies. V5 GLOBAL Aims to Make Businesses More Competitive in their Markets Through Precise Execution of Analytical Strategies, Supplemented by Cutting-Edge Technologies and Processes.A Marketing Service Company Providing Marketing Solutions and Excellence in Retails Projects of IT Related Companies."
Uber,4.2,(585 Reviews),Public,"San Francisco,California + 39 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Movement is what we power. It’s our lifeblood. It runs through our veins. It’s what gets us out of bed each morning. It pushes us to constantly reimagine how we can move better. For you. For all the places you want to go. For all the things you want to get. For all the ways you want to earn. Across the entire world. In real-time. At the incredible speed of now.
Trimax IT Infras...,3.5,(549 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 65 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1995 by Mr. Surya Prakash Madrecha and Mr. Chandra Prakash Madrecha, Trimax IT Infrastructure and Services Limited (Trimax) is a leading provider of IT Services including Connectivity, Data Centre, Cloud Services, IMS & System Integration. Trimax is also a leader in providing industry specific solution in Transportation, Mobility & Co-operative Banking."
National Health ...,3.7,(516 Reviews),Private,"Guwahati,Assam + 173 more",18 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"The National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) was launched by the Hon’ble Prime Minister to provide accessible, affordable and quality health care to the rural population, especially the vulnerable groups. The key features in order to achieve the goals of the Mission include making the public health delivery system fully functional and accountable to the community, human resources management, community involvement, decentralization, rigorous monitoring & evaluation against standards, the convergence of health and related programmes from village level upwards, innovations and flexible financing and also interventions for improving the health indicators."
K12 Techno Servi...,3.2,(516 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 21 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"K12 Techno Services Pvt. Ltd. started its operations in the year 2012 with its head office in Bangalore, Karnataka. The company provides end to end services to various educational institutes across the metro cities i.e. Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Bangalore, Gurgaon, Kolkata and Pune."
Samasta Microfin...,4.1,(515 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 167 more",15 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Samasta Microfinance Limited, an IIFL Group company, is a microfinance institution committed to working towards women’s economic empowerment. Since its inception in March 2008, Samasta has been providing innovative and affordable financial products to women from unbanked sections in society in both rural and semi urban areas. Today as the organisation caters to 16 states across India, Samasta with its wide array of responsible financial products and services acts as a catalyst for sustainable and inclusive economic growth."
Hikal,4.0,(514 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 12 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1988, Hikal is the partner of choice for:PharmaceuticalsActive pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs), custom manufacturing, intermediates and advanced intermediates.Crop ProtectionActive ingredients, advanced intermediates, intermediates.Research & TechnologyProcess development, new product development, contract and custom development.Hikal has five manufacturing facilities in India at Maharashtra (Taloja and Mahad), Gujarat (Panoli) and Karnataka (Jigani) and a Research & Technology center at Maharashtra (Pune). Our facilities are regularly inspected by multinational companies and global regulatory authorities.Hikal is the first Indian life sciences company to receive the Responsible Care® certification granted by the International Council of Chemical Associations (ICCA)."
Navayuga Enginee...,4.1,(514 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 49 more",124 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Navayuga Engineering Company Limited (NEC), the flagship company of the Navayuga Group, is an engineering and core infrastructure company that has carved a formidable position for itself in the industry. Established to fulfil the dream of a visionary, nurtured on homespun values, empowered by state-of-art technology, the company has redefined the parameters of growth and contributed to India’s infrastructure landscape with unparalleled commitment and foresight.

Spreading its wings, NEC has transcended national boundaries to make an impact on the global arena."
JioMart,4.0,(513 Reviews),Kolkata + 162 more,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
IHS Markit,4.1,(512 Reviews),Private,London + 9 more,163 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We know that you need to make decisions, quickly and with confidence. You need timely and relevant intelligence. We mine through billions of data points to uncover what matters.

So, we empower you with critical information. Going beyond the numbers to understand a world in motion, S&P Global’s research and insights delivers the essential intelligence you need to stay ahead of changing market dynamics and seize your next opportunity.

With comprehensive and consistent data, economic and risk forecasting models, granular country and sovereign risk ratings, comparative industry forecasts, and analyses on commodity prices, our Economics & Country Risk coverage identifies the market opportunities, risks, and problems to solve across the globe.

The past, present, and future are seemingly converging as unprecedented circumstances continue roiling markets again, and again, and again. The so-called new normal that market participants have been hoping will emerge in a post-pandemic world appears to be shaping into one of near-constant volatility. But this world redefined may, at the same time, also be more resilient to such shocks."
Magna Infotech,3.4,(512 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 37 more,26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Since 1997, Magna Infotech has been the largest provider of technology staff augmentation & solutions in the Indian sub-continent.

The only staffing company with industry focused verticals, Magna provides customers with a comprehensive talent management solution specific to an industry, geography or business purpose. With over 10,000+ Associates are proficient in 500+ skill sets, across multiple industry sectors. They are ably supported by sophisticated internal tools, an industry leading fulfillment engine and an unparalleled associate engagement and support framework.

For associates and employees, we offer an enriching experience that promotes career growth and lifelong learning.

With a customer base of 300 companies it is our constant endeavor to be recognized as a “partner-of-choice”.

Company Snapshot
Largest Technology Staff augmentation & Solutions company in India
Powered by over 10,000+ Associates; 500+ Recruiters servicing over 300+ Clients every day.

Only staffing company with industry focused verticals : Automotive & Engineering, BFSI, FMCG & Retail, Healthcare, Products, Services & Consulting and Telecom
Offering the entire spectrum of services across business models in the Professional Staffing space for the last 2 decades
Regarded as the Most Compliant Partner by our customers (250+ client audits on a yearly basis)

Magna is a division of Quess Corp Limited, India’s Leading Business Services Provider. For more details login to www.quesscorp.com"""
The Lalit,3.9,(511 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 27 more,42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""We are one of the leading hospitality chains in India. Headquartered in New Delhi, the company opened its first hotel here in 1988 under the dynamic leadership of Founder Chairman Mr. Lalit Suri, who spearheaded the Group’s unprecedented expansion plans.

Rapid expansion and consolidation of its leadership position continues under the enterprising stewardship of Dr. Jyotsna Suri, who took over as Chairperson & Managing Director in 2006.

All hotels within the group operated under the brand The Grand – Hotels, Palaces & Resorts. It was re-branded as ‘The LaLiT’ on November 19, 2008 as a tribute to the company’s Founder Chairman Mr. Lalit Suri.

The company offers twelve luxury Hotels, Places & Resorts and two mid market segment hotels under The LaLiT Traveller brand offering 2261 rooms. In addition, we also hold the exclusive management rights to operate hotel in London offering 70 rooms."""
Star Cement,3.9,(510 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 38 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Star Cement Limited is the largest cement manufacturer in north east India. It's listed as BSE: 540575 NSE: STARCEMENT.Our plant is spread across 40 acres of land in the idyllic town of Lumshnong, a strategic location at Meghalaya that ensures easy availability of high-grade limestone. Our brand “Star Cement” has established itself as the most accredited brand of the region on grounds of both quality and fair pricing.Star Cement Limited is one of the most profitable cement manufacturers in North East India.Because of its prudent locational advantageBecause of its timely raw material linkageBecause of its proactive capacity expansionBecause of its expert brand positioningParentage: Star Cement is a 70.48% subsidiary of Century Plyboards (India) Limited."
Crowne Plaza,4.2,(1.4k Reviews),Public,"Atlanta,Georgia + 27 more",40 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"An IHG® Hotel. Crowne Plaza® Hotels & Resorts offer full-service hotels for the modern business traveler. We're committed to your productivity, rejuvenation, and success. With nearly 400 hotels located in major urban centers, gateway cities and resort destinations in more than 60 countries, we are everywhere you need to be."
Greenko Group,3.9,(508 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 42 more,19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Greenko is a mainstream participant in the growing Indian energy industry and a market leading owner and operator of clean energy projects in India. The Group is building a de-risked portfolio of wind, solar, hydropower, natural gas and biomass assets within India and intends to increase the installed capacity it operates by developing new greenfield assets. Greenko's portfolio is carefully diversified geographically and risk is spread across a number of projects which utilise varied environmental technologies.Greenko currently has 1.5 GW of operating capacity and plans to achieve 3.0 GW capacity by 2018. With a core belief in sustainability both operationally and environmentally, Greenko endeavours to be a responsible business playing an important role in the community beyond its role in the power generation industry. The Company maintains a continuous involvement in localised projects and community programmes which centre on education, health and wellbeing, environmental stewardship and improving rural infrastructure."
GirnarSoft,3.7,(1.1k Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 38 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GirnarSoft is a Company providing business value-based IT solutions and services. The ISO 9001 and ISO 27001 Certified Company, set up in 2007, works on offshore products as well as outsourced software development. GirnarSoft has grown with the trust of esteemed investors like Sequoia, Google Capital, Tybourne, HDFC, and the iconic Mr. Ratan Tata himself. The team of GirnarSoft comprises of experienced professionals trained from the premier institutes of India under the leadership of IIT, IBS alumnus. Apart from acquiring the position of the fastest growing young IT Company of India, GirnarSoft has also received the 'Top Developer' for mobile app developments from Google. We have also received ‘Best IOS App 2014’ by Apple as well as the 'Website of the Year India 2015' in both automobile and comparison categories. GirnarSoft is the name behind India's top automotive market, Cardekho.com, as well as other portals, too, like PriceDekho.com, BikeDekho.com, and various other portals around the world. Our Company has been the innovative technology behind Somany Tiles' 3D Tile Visualiser Room Planner in VR, Renault's Digital Experience (Mumbai), 3D high-quality visualizer for Maruti Breeza, Mobile AR Catalogue for Luminous Home Mobile App, 3D room planner for Godrej Interior. We have some very reputed names as our clients like Vistara, Volkswagen, Eicher, Mahindra, Mikasa & Decowood, Volvo, Honda, and so on."
ZF Steering Gear,3.7,(507 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 13 more",108 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Dense traffic and high speed characterises everyday life on roads. This puts increasing demands on the field of vehicle engineering for higher vehicular safety and comfort. The steering system plays a major part in fulfilling this requirement.

ZF Steering Gear (India) Ltd. (ZF INDIA) was incorporated in the year 1981 as a joint venture ZF Friedrichshafen AG.

ZF INDIA is a Pioneer in Manufacturing and Supply of Ball and Nut Integral Hydraulic Power & Worm and Roller Mechanical Steering System in India. Its plant is located at Village Vadu Budruk, Taluka- Shirur, 28 km away from Pune, on Pune - Ahmednagar Highway, in the western part of India. Pune is a major automotive hub with OEM like Force Motors, General Motors, Mercedes Benz, Mahindra Trucks & Bus Ltd, TATA Motors, etc. Present installed capacity of the plant is 2,00,000 units of  Worm and Roller Mechanical Steering Gears and 3,75,000 units of   Ball and Nut Integral Hydraulic Power Steering Gears.

ZF INDIA has state of the art technology in Design & Manufacturing various types of Power Steering Systems and Mechanical Steering Systems based on customers needs. It is continuously in the process of widening its product base to meet the increasing demands of automotive market and is keen to diversify in appropriate product lines.

ZF INDIA has an established business management system with certification for QMS vide ISO: TS: 16949:2009 and ISO: 14001. It has created service and spare parts network of around 60 dealers uniformly spread all over India, Nepal, Middle East, South Africa and Bangladesh to address to all its customer’s needs.

ZF INDIA has an established structure for carrying out various facets of manufacturing functions as per business process defined by ISO: TS: 16949:2009. It has adopted lean manufacturing systems and has employee strength of around 1000 personnel."
Samsung Electron...,4.3,(507 Reviews),Noida + 81 more,1 Lakh+ Employees (Global),N/A,N/A,N/A
Sundaram Clayto...,4.0,(506 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 19 more",61 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sundaram Clayton Limited (SCL) is part of the $8.5 billion TVS group, one of the largest auto components manufacturing and distribution group in India. SCL is a leading supplier of aluminium die castings to automotive and non-automotive sector.

Since commencing operation in 1962, SCL has achieved many milestones and emerged as one of the preferred solution provider in machined and sub-assembled aluminium castings.

Our contribution commences from early design stage to development and supply of finished product. Over the years, we have built strategic partnership with global OE / Tier one.

With the robust manufacturing driven by TQM, TPM, Lean practices and investments in state of the art technologies, SCL is poised to serve the future needs of the industry in light metal castings."
Otis Elevator,4.1,(505 Reviews),Private,"Farmington,Connecticut + 48 more",170 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Otis was founded in 1853 after Elisha Otis invented the elevator safety brake, giving rise to the modern city, transforming how people live and work, and revolutionizing architecture. His invention would give rise to the modern city and forever change how we live. Our history includes a string of industry firsts that have steadily improved elevator performance, enriched the passenger experience and allowed architects to design buildings in entirely new ways. The gearless traction machine overcame previous height limits. The double-deck elevator increased the amount of rentable space in a building. Automatic elevators eliminated the need for a human attendant. Computerized controllers cut travel time. Our flexible steel belts last twice as long as steel ropes. And our remote elevator monitoring technology represented one of the first uses of big data and predictive analytics to improve performan"
Sanden Vikas,3.8,(505 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 17 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In 1982, before the widespread use of Air-Conditioning systems in India, Vikas Group saw the potential for automotive air - conditioning, and entered into a Joint Venture with Sanden Corporation of Japan to establish manufacturing facilities for world class Sanden Car Air-Conditioning Systems in India. Sanden Vikas (India) Ltd. (SVL) was established with manufacturing facilities being set up in the industrial town of Faridabad (Haryana). The company had the distinction of being the pioneer OE supplier of A/C systems to Maruti Udyog Ltd for their M800 car and Omni Van since the start in 1982, and with continuous improvement and up gradation to becoming a prominent player in supply of A/C Systems covering the maximum OE base and supply in most of the Vehicle Platforms"
Medusind Solutio...,4.0,(504 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 6 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Organizations across the entire healthcare spectrum leverage our deep expertise and high-quality solutions to maximize revenue, reduce operating costs and navigate the changing healthcare landscape.Our unique combination of powerful technology solutions and client-focused service significantly improves the efficiency and profitability of medical practices, hospitals, dental groups, GPOs and third-party administrators. Client satisfaction is the primary focus of the Medusind leadership and staff. Our detailed eye for processes, highly experienced personnel, cutting edge technology and forward thinking approach allows us to deliver effective solutions while staying ahead of healthcare industry changes."
PharmEasy,3.6,(1.8k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 42 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"PharmEasy is here to help you take it easy! We are amongst one of India's top online pharmacy and health care platforms. It enables you to purchase medicines online by connecting you to registered retail pharmacies and get them delivered to your home. We make online medicine purchase easy, simple and affordable!

Our doorstep medicine delivery service is available PAN-India. This online medicine portal also allows you to choose from 1 lakh+ healthcare products, OTC products and medical equipment. PharmEasy is a one-stop platform where you can also book diagnostic tests including blood tests, full-body checkups, and other preventive health check-ups at an affordable cost, right from the comfort of your home. We have partnered with trusted & certified labs that arrange for a sample pick-up from the convenience of your home. They also provide you with timely reports."
Spinny,4.1,(503 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 31 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Spinny is an online car dealership that engages in the sales & purchase of second-hand cars. Customers can browse through the online inventory, select a car of their choice, and schedule a test drive free of cost. The platform also enables car owners to list their car for sale on the platform and get instant offers. Claims to assess cars on a 200-point inspection checklist and that it provides a 1-year warranty to buyers along with certification. Acquired & Merged with HopCar in June 2016."
Godrej Agrovet,4.1,(503 Reviews),Mumbai + 84 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"Godrej Agrovet is a diversified, Research & Development focused agri-business company, dedicated to improving the productivity of Indian farmers by innovating products and services that sustainably increase crop and livestock yields. We hold leading market positions in the different businesses in - Animal Feed, Crop Protection, Oil Palm, Dairy and Poultry and Processed Foods.

Our Animal Feed business is one of the largest organised players in the Compound Feed market in India, with annual sales of more than a million tonnes across cattle, poultry, aqua feed and specialty feed. 

Our teams have worked closely with Indian farmers to develop over 61,700 hectares of smallholder Oil Palm Plantations to bridge the demand and supply of edible oil. We have plantations across Andhra Pradesh, Goa, Gujarat, Orissa, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh. 

In our Crop Protection business, we meet the niche requirement of farmers through innovative agrochemical offerings. Our portfolio offers a range of products that cover the entire life-cycle of a crop. 

Continuing the business growth story, we acquired promoter holding in Astec Life Sciences Limited in 2015. Astec is a business to-business tech, bulk manufacturer of fungicides in India.

We acquired controlling stake in Cream Line Dairy Products, a leading Dairy player in South India. The company has significant presence in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Maharashtra, under the Jersey Brand name.

In 2004, we entered into a joint venture with the Advanced Chemical Industries Limited (ACI) Group from Bangladesh, to manufacture and sell Compound Feed. The ACI-Godrej Agrovet joint venture ranks among the top three feed companies, across all categories in Bangladesh.

Our poultry business, Godrej Tyson Foods, best known for two brands, Real Good Chicken and Yummiez, is a joint venture with Tyson Foods, one of the largest poultry processing companies in the world."
Flash Electronic...,3.5,(503 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 14 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At it’s inception, Flash started out with the commercial production of AC Flashers. Subsequently over the last 3 decades more than 150 products like - Regulators, Capacitor Discharge Units, Magnetos, Alternators, Starter Motors, Wiper Motors, Ignition Coils, E.M.I Suppressors, Spark Plug Caps, Linear Actuators, Thermostats, Sensors, Throttle Bodies, Brushless DC Motors and E- mobility products were added to our portfolio.In 2016 & 2018 respectively, FLASH set up highly advanced automated Machining and Forging plants. We were motivated and supported by our clients to establish these Strategic Business Units (SBUs). Today these SBUs are our biggest validations for the continuous value we have been able to create for our customers. Our plants are state-of-the-art and have set new benchmarks in the industry.At Flash, our core competency is manufacturing of cutting-edge electronic and electrical auto components. Our first 3 plants located in Chakan Industrial Area in Pune(India), have capabilities to match international standards in regards to forging, machining, manufacturing and quality control with the best names in the industry. At present, we manufacture components for 2 , 3 and 4 wheeler categories."
Aarvi Encon,4.0,(502 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 63 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aarvi was founded in year 1987 with Head Office in Mumbai and today we have presence in all the major locations in India.
We are an ISO 9001: 2015 certified Company with CRISIL SME-1 rating which indicates Highest Creditworthiness. This was made possible by strict adherence to Quality Management Systems & Accounting Standards.
We have been creating value for our clients in India and Overseas by delivering world-class Engineering and Manpower Outsourcing Services. Our dynamic approach to problem solving enables us to deliver quality services on time coupled with consistent performance to our clients in India & Overseas. Many of our clients in Oil & Gas, Refinery, Petrochemicals, Cross-country Pipeline, Power, Infrastructure and Telecom sectors have retained us as their preferred service provider. And we are associated with them for years. We offer services across disciplines such as Piping, Mechanical, Process, Civil, Electrical, Instrumentation, Electronics & Telecommunication and Information Technology."
Ageas Federal Li...,3.7,(502 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 103 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Our reason to exist, our purpose, is to provide means for people to live a life and lifestyle of their choice. We achieve that by helping people plan for the future with life insurance.  This focus on human relationships has bolstered our growth over the years. It has helped us make a positive difference in the lives of all our stakeholders, be it our customers, employees, shareholders or community in general. Our gross written premium has almost doubled in the last three years proving that more people are willing to invest in us. In a recent report, published by IRDAI, we were mentioned as the only life insurance company to have retained over 50% of our customers for over 5 years, evidence of our constant focus on post sale engagement."
HPCL-Mittal Ener...,4.5,(502 Reviews),JV,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 18 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"HPCL-Mittal Energy Limited (HMEL) is a joint venture between Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL) and Mittal Energy Investment Pte Ltd, Singapore, a Lakshmi N Mittal Company. HMEL owns and operates the Guru Gobind Singh Refinery (GGSR) of 11.3 MMTPA capacity at Bathinda, Punjab. HMEL’s wholly owned subsidiary, HPCL-Mittal Pipelines Limited (HMPL), owns and operates a Single Point Mooring (SPM), Crude Oil Terminal (COT) and 1017 km cross country pipeline for transportation of the crude from Mundra, Gujarat to the refinery at Bathinda."
OCS Group,3.9,(501 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 40 more",27 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"An extraordinary tale of vision, commitment and sheer hard work, the OCS story starts way back in 1900 with the formation of The New Century Window and General Cleaning Company, a small independent window cleaning enterprise. Since then, we have grown from one man with a ladder, pail and pushcart to an international business providing a range of essential services in facilities owned by our clients, with more than 86,000 colleagues worldwide."
Knorr-Bremse,4.1,(501 Reviews),Private,Munich + 14 more,10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Knorr-Bremse Technology Center India is a dedicated technology center catering to the Engineering, Research & Development requirements of Knorr-Bremse Group companies.
We develop best-in-class mechanical and electronic safety products for Rail and Truck Vehicle Systems. 
The culture at Knorr-Bremse TCI is expressed in the way we collaborate, the way we operate, the way we envision the future, and the high standards we set for ourselves. We see it as our role to actively shape our work environment by providing opportunities to learn and to Lead."
Timken,4.0,(501 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 30 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Timken Company engineers, manufactures and markets bearings, gear drives, belts, chain, couplings, lubrication systems and related products, and offers a spectrum of powertrain rebuild and repair services. As the leading authority on tapered roller bearings, we apply our deep knowledge of metallurgy, tribology and mechanical systems to improve the reliability and efficiency of equipment, machinery and vehicles worldwide. With more than 18,000 employees operating from 35 countries, our associates and our products keep industry in motion and make the world more productive."
Musashi Auto Par...,3.9,(501 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 10 more",85 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Musashi Auto Parts India Pvt Ltd is a Telecommunications company located in Plot No. 33-35 &amp;amp; 46-60, Sector - 7, Industrial Growth Center, Bawal, Distt. Rewari, Bawal, Haryana, India."
Gharda Chemicals,4.2,(500 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 38 more",56 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Gharda Chemicals Limited (GCL), established in 1967, is a Research and Development Company manufacturing high quality Agrochemicals, High Performance Pigments, High Performance Polymers. GCL has five manufacturing units in Dombivli-Mumbai, Lote Parshuram-Chiplun, Panoli-Gujarat, Ankaleshwar-Gujarat and Samba-Jammu, with a state of R&D centre at Dombivli. A strong and vibrant R&D program and expertise in process development has enabled the company to capitalize on superior technology. Company has won several national and international awards for technical innovation in the chemical industry and has many firsts in the field of dyestuffs, pesticides, veterinary drugs and polymers. Company has sales turnover of over Rs.1800 Crores."
Steag Energy Ser...,4.2,(499 Reviews),Private,"Essen,Essen + 29 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"STEAG Energy Services GmbH (SES) is one of the world’s leading service providers for power assets: we offer German minded engineering for more than 100,000 MW of installed capacity in a whole variety of technologies, a current total of over 10,000 MW of operation management for third parties worldwide, and more than 700 IT systems delivered for plant planning and performance optimisation.Ensuring energy for prosperity and growth is our passion. How do we know what is needed for reliable and environmentally-friendly power plant operation ensuring sustained economic efficiency? Because STEAG has planned, constructed and operated its own power plants for 80 years now, we are among the best in the industry, thanks to the expertise we have gained over 40 years in providing third parties with energy services."
Ugam Solution,3.6,(498 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 10 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ugam is a global leader in data and analytics that helps retailers, brands and market research firms transform big data into valuable insights. The company’s unique managed services offering combines a proprietary big data technology platform with deep domain knowledge and analytics expertise to empower clients to make decisions that improve their business. For retailers, online marketplaces and brands, Ugam supports better merchandising, marketing and channel management decisions through the use of analytics. For market research firms and insight-based consultancies, Ugam offers a portfolio of solutions, including end-to-end research operations, technology transitioning support, and data warehousing, visualization and reporting that enables them to better serve their clients. Five of the top 10 U.S. retailers, four of the leading Australian retailers, many of the world’s largest brands and online marketplaces, and 13 of the top 25 market research firms work with Ugam because of its ability to deliver high-quality insights with unmatched customer experience."
Qualcomm,4.1,(499 Reviews),Private,"San Diego,California + 12 more",27 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Qualcomm started as an idea. An agreement. A pact. In 1985, seven individuals met in a den in San Diego for the purpose of creating “quality communications.” Today that den spans across more than 170 offices in more than 40 countries. The idea, however, remains the same."
Indira IVF Hospi...,4.2,(496 Reviews),Private,"Udaipur,Rajasthan + 70 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A decision to have a baby is both powerful and magnificent. It is a choice that allows an experience where you submit your mind, body, and heart. And it is their tiniest feet which create the greatest footprints in our hearts. A baby also brings the hope that something wonderful is about to happen. Indira IVF was born behind these noble thoughts in the year 1988 in a humble two-room clinic in the city of Udaipur, Rajasthan, India.Indira IVF is the brainchild of Dr. Ajay Murdia (a career spanning more than three decades), which has now grown into one of the leading fertility chains in India from its humble beginnings with IVF centers across the length and breadth of the Indian peninsula."
Apollo Munich He...,3.9,(493 Reviews),Public,Gurgaon + 108 more,16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Quality healthcare and Apollo have become synonymous in the Indian subcontinent, a fact reiterated by global healthcare experts and international accreditation bodies. Committed to bring world class health care within the reach of every individual, Apollo Hospitals Group has joined hands with Munich Health, a world leader in the field of health insurance. The joint venture is poised to make good the conviction of both the partners that Indian health insurance market is on the brink of explosive growth."
Kurlon,4.3,(493 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 77 more",61 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1962, Kurlon is one of the oldest mattress companies in India. It offers a wide range of home comfort solutions ranging from mattresses (RC mattress, spring mattress & foam mattress), polyurethane foam, home furniture & furnishing products under the brand name Kurlon."
DLF,4.1,(493 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 21 more",77 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1946 by Chaudhary Raghvendra Singh, DLF started with the creation of 22 urban colonies in Delhi. In 1985, the company expanded into the then-unknown region of Gurugram, creating exceptional living and working spaces for the new Indian global professionals. Today, DLF is the largest publicly listed real estate company in India, with residential, commercial, and retail properties in 15 states and 24 cities.Our diverse verticals reflect our dedication to developing ecosystems for India’s changing needs. But our foundation has always been our employees, our customers, our stakeholders, and our shareholders. We invest in spearheading innovation through empowerment and optimism, in order to build the foundation of India’s future on the legacy of our past."
Amara Raja Group,4.1,(1.6k Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 62 more",38 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Amara Raja believes in influencing and improving the quality of life by building institutions that provide better access to better opportunities, goods and services to people all the time. With innovative engineering, research and design, Amara Raja has grown with partnerships and information sharing with world leaders.  Amara Raja is commited towards latest generation technologies by developing and manufacturing globally competitive, customer focused products of world class quality and responsibly introducing these products into relevant markets."
Federal Bank,4.2,(828 Reviews),Public,"Aluva,Kerala + 97 more",92 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Federal Bank Limited is a major Indian commercial bank in the private sector headquartered at Aluva, Kerala having more than thousand branches and ATMs spread across different States in India. The Bank is a pioneer among traditional banks in India in the area of using technology to leverage its operations and was among the first banks in India to computerize all its branches. The Bank offer its customers, a variety of services such as Internet banking, Mobile banking, on-line bill payment, online fee collection, depository services, Cash Management Services, merchant banking services, insurance, mutual fund products and many more as part of its strategy to position itself as a financial super market and to enhance customer convenience. The history of Federal Bank dates back to the pre-independence era. The Bank was incorporated on April 23, 1931 as the Travancore Federal Bank Limited, Nedumpuram under the Travancore Companies Regulation, 1916. Late K.P. Hormis, the visionary banker and founder took up the reigns in 1945 and built the bank a nationwide institution. The Bank's name was changed to The Federal Bank Limited on December 2,1949. The Bank was licensed under the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, on July 11, 1959 and became a scheduled commercial bank under the Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 on July 20, 1970. Today the bank is present in 25 States, Delhi NCT and 4 Union Territories and the bank is listed in BSE, NSE and London Stock Exchange."
VeeTechnologies,3.8,(492 Reviews),Private,New York + 16 more,23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Vee Technologies works as a trusted business partner to enterprises and organizations around the world, delivering production solutions for extraordinary outcomes in quality and cost. Client satisfaction achievements have consistently qualified Vee Technologies for the IAOP Global Outsourcing 100 list of the world's top outsourcing service providers and powered the company's growth onto the Inc. 5000 list as one of the fastest growing American companies."
Willis Towers Wa...,4.0,(693 Reviews),Private,London + 13 more,7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Willis Towers Watson (NASDAQ: WLTW) is a leading global advisory, broking and solutions company that helps clients around the world turn risk into a path for growth. With roots dating to 1828, Willis Towers Watson has 45,000 employees serving more than 140 countries and markets.

We design and deliver solutions that manage risk, optimize benefits, cultivate talent, and expand the power of capital to protect and strengthen institutions and individuals. Our unique perspective allows us to see the critical intersections between talent, assets and ideas — the dynamic formula that drives business performance."
Allscripts,4.3,(492 Reviews),Private,"Chicago,Illinois + 4 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Allscripts has been recognized by Frost & Sullivan with the 2019 Best Practices Award for its population health management solutions.

According to the report, Allscripts has “pioneered the concept of an open yet connected platform architecture, fueled by a real-time application programming interface (API) that incorporates disparate medical evidence seamlessly across the care continuum.”

As healthcare continues evolving, with new trends challenging the status quo, we’ll continue serving as your technology partner. We will be a consistent force, helping you drive the best care for every patient across every setting. With us by your side, you’ll enable your patients to create their own path toward healthy futures, while ensuring the connection with your clinic gets deeper and deeper.

In healthcare, trust is everything. So clinical teams need to rely on health IT to help them care for patients, and help them build healthy lives. Physicians and nurses need point-of-care access to the right health information to treat patients, and exceed expectations.

We know that navigating the complex world of health IT alone is a universal challenge. With Allscripts, your organisation benefits from the decades we’ve spent honing our solutions and gaining industry expertise. Joining your daily mission to build stronger communities of healthy patients is an opportunity for us, together, to redefine what’s possible for your patients’ futures, your clinicians’ well-being and your organisation’s journey into what’s next in healthcare."
Genpact Headstro...,3.9,(490 Reviews),Private,"New Delhi,New Delhi + 14 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Genpact Headstrong Capital Markets is a global consulting and IT services company with a specialized focus in capital markets. With more than 20 years of experience consulting with 9 of the world’s top 10 investment banks, we are the world’s leading technology services provider for the financial services and securities industries. This experience enables us to help transform capital markets business operations using a unique combination of our proprietary SEPSM performance benchmarks, process focus and technology expertise.

In 2011, Headstrong was acquired by Genpact Limited (NYSE: G), a global leader in business process management and technology services, leverages the power of smarter processes, smarter analytics and smarter technology to help its clients drive intelligence across their enterprise.  Driven by a passion for process innovation and operational excellence built on its Lean and Six Sigma DNA and the legacy of serving GE for more than 15 years, the company’s 60,000+ professionals around the globe deliver services to its more than 700 clients from a network of 70+ delivery centers across 18 countries supporting more than 30 languages."
Eveready Industr...,4.1,(490 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 50 more",89 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Eveready, we have had an eventful and rewarding journey for the last 100 years and more. We have become an integral part in the daily lives of millions of Indians. We have emerged as one of India's most preferred brands. We have retained and strengthened our timeless appeal, touching lives and bringing hope to millions. As the undisputed market leader in the batteries segment, commanding over 50% of India's market share, and holding 75% of India's organised flashlights market, Eveready has always reinforced its brand reach, with competencies that equal the best in the world."
Capital Numbers ...,4.7,(490 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 4 more",11 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Capital Numbers is an ISO 9001 and ISO 27001 certified digital solutions company with 600+ experts working full time across three delivery centres. Established in 2012, Capital Numbers is headquartered in Kolkata, India with offices in the USA and Australia. We are winners of multiple awards and accolades from organizations like CNBC TV-18, CII, Clutch, GoodFirms, Deloitte, Financial Times, Statista, World HRD Congress, The Economic Times, and Bengal Chamber of Commerce.

Our industry expertise includes digital publishing, SaaS applications, online retail, financial services, travel and consumer, software and hi-tech, business information and media, life sciences and healthcare, as well as other emerging industries. Our primary aim is to provide our clients with quality services, customer-specific technologies, and comprehensive expertise.

Our clientele includes Global Brands, Digital Publishers, Silicon Valley Entrepreneurs, Digital Agencies and SMEs located around the world, primarily in North America, Europe, Middle-East, and Australia.

We're a fast-growing, talented, and driven team. We’ve been remote since March 2020, live all across India, and work from our homes, co-working spaces — anywhere we can accomplish great work. We've created a space where high-achievers can succeed and do meaningful work.

Quick Facts:
> Established in 2012
> 25000 Sq. Ft. delivery center
> 30% YoY revenue growth
> Rated 4.7/5 on GlassDoor
> Best in class work environment
> Equal opportunity employer

Notable Awards Won In 2021:

1. CNBC-TV18 ""Most Trusted Brands Of India""
2. Financial Times ""High Growth Companies - Asia Pacific""
3. ETRise ""India’s Top Performing MSMEs"""
Defence Research...,4.4,(551 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 33 more",65 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"DRDO is the R&D wing of Ministry of Defence, Govt of India, with a vision to empower India with cutting-edge defence technologies and a mission to achieve self-reliance in critical defence technologies and systems, while equipping our armed forces with state-of-the-art weapon systems and equipment in accordance with requirements laid down by the three Services. DRDO's pursuit of self-reliance and successful indigenous development and production of strategic systems and platforms such as Agni and Prithvi series of missiles; light combat aircraft, Tejas; multi-barrel rocket launcher, Pinaka; air defence system, Akash; a wide range of radars and electronic warfare systems; etc., have given quantum jump to India's military might, generating effective deterrence and providing crucial leverage.
""Balasya Mulam Vigyanam""—the source of strength is science-drives the nation in peace and war. DRDO has firm determination to make the nation strong and self-reliant in terms of science and technology, especially in the field of military technologies.DRDO was formed in 1958 from the amalgamation of the then already functioning Technical Development Establishment (TDEs) of the Indian Army and the Directorate of Technical Development & Production (DTDP) with the Defence Science Organisation (DSO). DRDO was then a small organisation with 10 establishments or laboratories. Over the years, it has grown multi-directionally in terms of the variety of subject disciplines, number of laboratories, achievements and stature.Today, DRDO is a network of more than 50 laboratories which are deeply engaged in developing defence technologies covering various disciplines, like aeronautics, armaments, electronics, combat vehicles, engineering systems, instrumentation, missiles, advanced computing and simulation, special materials, naval systems, life sciences, training, information systems and agriculture. Several major projects for the development of missiles, armaments, light combat aircrafts, radars, electronic warfare systems etc are on hand and significant achievements have already been made in several such technologies."
Investors Clinic,4.1,(489 Reviews),"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 21 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Established in the year 2006, by its visionary founder Honeyy Katiyal, Investors Clinic Infratech Private Limited is the largest real estate services company of India. With a strong network of 34 offices across India, over 1.5 lac sq ft of office space and international presence in Dubai and Singapore, the company is strengthening its reach year-on-year. Backed by more than 2100 professionals, Investors Clinic is known for its best-in-class customer service through hi-tech response mechanism. Investors Clinic is counted among the first few companies that transformed the real estate industry of India and shaped it into a more professional and organized market. Mr. Katiyal apprehended the need for a reliable professional channel between builders and buyers and stepped into the arena with Investors Clinic which later came to revolutionize the entire real estate market. The company now has an influential presence in offline as well as online real estate space. With a turnover of 200+ Cr, it is the highest tax payer in the primary real estate services industry of India. Investors Clinic’s brand value is reckoned at 2000 Cr. The company has touched the lives of over 3 million families and helped them find the home of their dreams. The company is also a one stop destination for home loan facilities, documentation formalities etc. Investors Clinic has made home buying easier for the people of India. For its exemplary contribution to the real estate industry, Investors Clinic has also received several awards and recognitions. Some of them are Best Real Estate Agent Award by Builders Council of India (2012), Best Real Estate Agent Award in Delhi/NCR by Big Brands Research (2011), Most Innovative Broker of the Year Award (North India) by Estate World (2011) and The World's Greatest Brands 2015 Asia and GCC’ Award by URS International Asia One (2015), Real Estate Broker of the Year (2018, Dubai)."
Mu Sigma,3.4,(489 Reviews),Private,"Northbrook,Illinois + 4 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We Address descriptive, inquisitive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics in unison to drive better consumption by business stakeholders and establish a formal decision supply chain to ensure transparency from problem definition through insight generation and success measurement.

This isn’t another methodology. It’s the most important aspect of data science consulting, a system “a series of habits, artifacts, and software” each of which must be continuously sharpened, but also applied daily to your problem-solving work.

If applied in your environment, this system provides the ‘mojo’ that your company needs to move beyond just mitigating the risks of change, toward taking advantage of those risks."
Panasonic Life S...,4.2,(489 Reviews),Mumbai + 60 more,60 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Over the last five decades, Panasonic Life Solutions India Pvt. Ltd. (Formerly know as Anchor Electricals) has managed to capture the attention of every citizen in this country. It started with a humble vision of manufacturing electrical products of outstanding quality at a time when the market involving electrical switches or wiring devices was handled by the unorganized sector.

Since 1918, Panasonic has offered long-lasting products with better safety and comfort to customers worldwide. With nearly a century of experience in research and development of smarter electrical solutions for homes and industries, Panasonic Corporation has emerged as a global leader in Lighting, Energy and Indoor Air Quality.

Anchor’s experience, skill set, and understanding of the Indian market is unmatched in the ﬁeld of electrical products since 1963. With a constantly expanding product range and growing market share, Anchor is one of the largest domestic manufacturers of electrical construction materials.

Anchor and Panasonic’s synergy in 2007 resulted in products that cater to better energy generation, management and conservation. With Panasonic's cutting-edge technology and Anchor’s vast customer support network, Anchor Panasonic today delivers a seamless and vast range of innovative electrical, lighting and ventilation products that exceed global standards.

The world of electrical solutions today has evolved beyond recognition. The prominence of Panasonic Life Solutions India Pvt. Ltd. (Formerly know as Anchor Electricals) as India's only ""Switches SuperBrand"" testifies to the fact that it is still the most respected brand to be leading this business vertical."
Michelin,4.0,(488 Reviews),Private,Clermont-Ferrand + 36 more,14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Michelin's famous travel guides are a product of the Michelin Group's long-time commitment to enhancing mobility, not only by making the world’s best tyres, but also by providing information that will add to the overall experience of traveling. This commitment started back in 1900, when the first MICHELIN Guide-the brain child of the Michelin brothers-was published and given “on a complimentary basis” to motorists and cyclists, who greatly outnumbered the 2,800 registered cars in France at the time. 

The Michelin Group is a global company headquartered in Clermont-Ferrand, France. Founded in 1889, the Michelin Group provides tyres to over 170 countries. The Michelin Group makes tyres locally for your specific needs and road conditions in one of our 69 production facilities around the world. Michelin's 114,000 employees are committed to making the safest and most relevant tyres for you. Michelin are leaders in innovation and sustainable development for the mobility of people and goods. For more information on the Michelin Group and Michelin operations worldwide visit: www.michelin.com."
General Mills,4.4,(499 Reviews),Private,"Minneapolis,Minnesota + 35 more",95 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"General Mills is reshaping the future of food. We believe food makes us better. It nourishes our bodies, brings us joy and connects us to each other. As one of the world’s leading food companies, General Mills operates in more than 100 countries and markets more than 100 consumer brands, including Cheerios, Nature Valley, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Annie’s Homegrown, Old El Paso, Epic Provisions, Blue Buffalo and more. Are you passionate about the future of food? You’ve come to the right table. We want the very best talent to help lead something big."
AVEVA,4.3,(485 Reviews),Private,"Cambridge,Cambridgeshire + 8 more",56 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"AVEVA creates industrial software that inspires people to shape the future.  We believe industry advancement should enhance the human experience.

The challenges our customers face inspire us to develop groundbreaking solutions. We harness the power of our ecosystem by working together to bring bold ideas to life. 

We build leading solutions across the asset and operations lifecycles that turn opportunity into business value, evolving the industries that power our world."
L&T Power,3.9,(485 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 75 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"L&T’s capability spectrum embraces Coal and Gas based projects. Our expertise encompasses virtually every aspect of design, engineering, manufacture, construction and project management.
L&T Power is part of the Larsen & Toubro Group, with a mandate to integrate L&T’s varied offerings in the thermal power sector. It is uniquely positioned to combine rich and diverse strands of experience in engineering, manufacturing and project execution with strong management focus on providing turnkey solutions. L&T Power seeks to partner with its customers in providing solutions that best address their needs. In-house strengths are supplemented by collaborations with global leaders in the fields of engineering and manufacturing. L&T Power is also committed to continually upgrading its skills to meet the challenge of the future.
L&T Power has world-class manufacturing facilities at Hazira near Surat (Gujarat) for supercritical boilers, steam turbines, generators, pressure piping, axial fans, air-preheaters and electrostatic precipitators."
Athena BPO,3.3,(484 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 20 more",4 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The Company was founded in the year 1990 and the BPO operations started in the year 2000. It is one of the oldest domestic BPOs in India and has grown rapidly over last 16 years with the current footprint spanning 2 cities – Mumbai and Bangalore with 3 operational centres. The company has over 3000 billable seats in these locations, and serves a galaxy of reputed clients in diverse sectors like banking, telecom, insurance, and fmcg.
We provide a full spectrum of telecalling services, backend services, web, email & sms response management including inbound and outbound telecalling, and our functional expertise ranges across sales, customer service and collections.
Our technology support is world-class, based on highly reliable, customised CRM-driven solutions and seamless processes with total information security. At Athena, premises and infrastructure are tailored to deliver the best results.
The leadership team at Athena BPO is highly experienced, with a strong entrepreneurial mindset that results in quick, flexible yet robust solutions for our clients."
Electrosteel Ste...,4.2,(484 Reviews),Public,Jharkhand + 13 more,17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Electrosteel Steels Limited (ESL) was originally incorporated as Electrosteel Integrated Limited on December 20th, 2006 as a Public Limited Company which commenced its business on January 5th, 2007. The company has set up an Integrated Greenfield Steel Plant is set up near Siyaljori village, in the Bokaro district of Jharkhand.
In June 2018, Vedanta Limited acquired the Management Control of the Electrosteel Steels Limited under the Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process (CIRP) and has constituted the new Board of Directors to look after the steel business operations.
ESL has set up 2.51 Million Ton Per Annum (MTPA) planned capacity integrated Steel Plant which is currently commissioned at 1.5 MTPA capacity. This integrated facility includes a Sinter Plant, Coke Oven, Blast Furnace, Basic Oxygen Furnace, Billet Caster, Wire Rod Mill, Bar Mill, DI Pipes Plant and Power Plant."
CSB Bank,3.3,(484 Reviews),Private,"Thrissur/Trichur,Kerala + 105 more",103 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are one of the oldest private sector banks in India with a history of over 98 years, and a strong base in Kerala along with significant presence in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, and Maharashtra. We offer a wide range of products and services to our overall customer base of 1.3 million as on March 31, 2019, with particular focus on SME, retail, and NRI customers. We deliver our products and services through multiple channels, including 414 branches (excluding three service branches and two asset recovery branches) and 277 ATMs spread across 16 states and four union territories as on March 31, 2019, and various alternate channels such as micro ATMs, debit cards, internet banking, mobile banking, point of sale services, and UPI. We believe with our focus on quality of service and nurturing long term relationship with our customers, we have developed a well-recognized and trusted brand in south India, particularly in the states of Kerala and Tamil Nadu."
Xyz Company,3.8,(483 Reviews),Mumbai + 69 more,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"XYZ Corporation is a consulting company with multiple divisions in countries around the world. The business began as a small management and financial services consulting firm but has, over the course of its 10-year history, grown organically to include service offerings in the areas of human resources management, IT, marketing, and legal consulting, among others. The teams of analysts, trainers, and consultants within the organization are well versed in a number of industries, and XYZ serves clients within the not-for-profit, for-profit, and government sectors.

Isabella Torres, President and CEO, has always valued diversity—not only in hiring people from different cultures, backgrounds, and experience levels, but also in being open to innovation, change, and the use of current and emerging technologies. She and her leadership team seek to bring in and develop thought leaders who can keep the organization moving toward its goals of expansion and of adding value to the world through corporate social responsibility and positive social change initiatives.

As an employee of XYZ Corporation, you will collaborate with different departments in XYZ Corporation to complete activities that will allow you to engage in real-world scenarios involving XYZ’s clients or other projects the company has taken on. Be sure to visit the Organization Chart to learn more about the leaders within the organization with whom you may interact in the future."
Lakshmi Machine ...,3.9,(482 Reviews),Public,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 17 more",61 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Lakshmi Machine Works Limited (LMW), a leading Textile Machinery Manufacturer in India and one among the three in the world to produce the entire range of Spinning Machinery. In 1962, LMW was founded to provide Indian textile mills with the latest Spinning Technology. It caters to the domestic market as well as exports products to the Asian and Oceanic regions.LMW diversified into CNC Machine Tools and is a brand leader in manufacturing customised products. LMW Foundry makes Precision Castings for industries world over. LMW has added the Advanced Technology Centre to manufacture components for the Aerospace Industry"
ICICI Prudential...,4.0,(482 Reviews),JV,New Delhi + 115 more,30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company is one of India's premiere fund houses focused on bridging the gap between savings & investments. We strive to create long term wealth and value for our investors through our range of simple and relevant investment solutions.
Founded in 1993 as ICICI Asset Management Company, the joint venture between ICICI Bank, a well-known, trusted name in financial services in India and Prudential Plc, one of UK’s largest players in the financial services sector, established ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company in the year 1998.
Over the last two decades, we have focused on transforming the financial landscape in the country through product innovation and consistent, sustained risk adjusted performance. 
Today, we are an ideal mix of investment expertise, resource bandwidth & process orientation."
Lumen Technologi...,3.9,(482 Reviews),"Monroe,Louisiana + 10 more",93 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Lumen is a multinational technology company that enables companies to capitalize on emerging applications and power the 4th Industrial Revolution (4IR). This revolution is redefining how we live and work, creating an unprecedented need for an advanced application delivery architecture—designed specifically to handle the complex and data-intensive workloads of next-gen technology and businesses.

We integrate network assets, cloud connectivity, security solutions and voice and collaboration tools into one platform that enables businesses to leverage their data and adopt next-generation technologies.

Lumen brings together the talent, experience, infrastructure and capabilities of CenturyLink, Level 3 and 25+ other technology companies to create a new kind of company—one designed specifically to address the dynamic data and application needs of the 4th Industrial Revolution."
J B Chemicals An...,4.0,(481 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 51 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1976, J.B.Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (JBCPL) is one of India’s fastest growing pharmaceutical companies. An integrated, research-oriented, public listed organisation with a focus on supplying affordable, quality products both in India and International markets, JBCPL is trusted by healthcare professionals globally. Today, JBCPL exports to over 30 countries across the world and earns more than half its revenue from its international business.

JBCPL is widely committed to manufacturing a range of innovative specialty products that include various pharmaceutical dosage forms like tablets, injectable (vials, ampoules, form fill seal), creams & ointments, lozenges, herbal liquids and capsules.

JBCPL has its headquarters in India’s financial capital, Mumbai. With a domestic sales force of 1,000 people, 17 internationally approved state of the art manufacturing units, a Research and Development Centre, and subsidiaries abroad, the organisation is continually enhancing value for its shareholders.

In India and International markets, JBCPL is also known as Unique Pharmaceutical Laboratories and is a division of JBCPL."
Nykaa,3.6,(481 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 49 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Since its inception in 2012, Nykaa has quickly emerged as India’s largest omnichannel beauty destination with millions of happy customers across the country. From bringing you your favorite brands and keeping you up-to-date with the latest beauty trends, expert advice and videos, to more than 68 Luxe and On-Trend Stores, an ever growing online community for beauty buffs, and a Beauty Helpline, we go out of our way to give you only the very best. With 1200+, 100% genuine brands, and six warehouses across India that stock lakhs of well curated, well priced products, Nykaa offers a comprehensive selection of makeup, skincare, hair care, fragrances, personal care, luxury and wellness products for women and men.

Derived from the Sanskrit word ‘Nayaka’ meaning actress or one in the spotlight, Nykaa is all about celebrating the star in each woman, and being her confidante and companion as she embarks on her own journey to discover her unique identity and personal style. From the widest selection of genuine beauty products from around the world to beauty advice, Nykaa is truly passionate about catering to your every beauty and wellness need. Because after all, Your Beauty is Our Passion."
Rashmi Metaliks,3.7,(478 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 18 more",19 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"An innovative spirit and the desire to establish excellence at every stage of production have been the driving forces behind the company’s remarkable growth story. Rashmi Metaliks Limited is 1.50 MTPA State-Of-Art Integrated Steel manufacturing facility comprises of viz., Pellet, Sinter, Pig iron, Sponge Iron, Ductile Iron Pipe, Billet, TMT & Wire Rod. The Kitty of products also include Ferro Alloys and 120 MW of Captive Power Generation Plant. Pellet has a production of 2.1 MTPA & will be expanded to 3.3 MTPA. Applying highest ecological standards and latest manufacturing technology has made Rashmi Metaliks Limited – a name synonymous with reliability & quality in the Eastern India’s iron & steel manufacturing industry. It is one of the flagship companies of Rashmi Group, incorporated in the year 2004 in West Bengal. It makes products like Pig Iron, Sponge Iron, Billets, TMT Bars, Wire Rods and Ductile Iron Pipes. It consists of a Sinter Plant, Pellet Plant, Blast Furnace, Power Plant, Steel Melting Shop and Rolling Mill. It is accredited with quality certification ISO 9001:2008 and environmental certification OHSAS18001, ISO 14001:2004."
Hitachi Astemo,4.1,(478 Reviews),Neemrana + 20 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Country Holidays...,4.5,(478 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 17 more",7 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Country Holidays Inn & Suites is a globally renowned organization that provides exceptional holiday memberships to individuals who are interested in traveling around the world. The crafting and creation of these holiday memberships have been done in such a way that it automatically provides the people with the ideal vacations in their desired destinations. CHIS is established in more than 130 national and international countries and further comprises 6500 brilliantly designed resorts/hotels that accommodate the tourists luxuriously. Furthermore, additional/complementary features and facilities are also provided so that people can truly enjoy their vacations. People have become so involved in their lives that they have to specially take some time out and spend with their loved ones. And for that, they need a trustworthy organization upon which they can rely for all their travel-oriented necessities. So, Country Holidays Inn & Suites promises to render excellent services when it comes to facilitating people with luxury travel accommodations and other elements associated with it. Once an individual decides to come aboard with the organization, they can frequently go out on holidays/vacations with the ones that matter the most to them. The destinations which are provided to them are modernized, well-equipped and tech-savvy so that the people can relish the breath-taking moments of their vacations forever. And it is our firm belief that as soon as you decide to connect with us, you can expect us to be there each time you need to go on vacation (brief/lengthy) to the places where you’ve never been to before. Whatever travel-related service people ask for, is provided to them through Country Holidays Inn & Suites along with numerous more facilities. And the best segment of this is that the services rendered by CHIS are budget-friendly with no hidden costs of any kind on it."
Page Industries,4.4,(476 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 52 more",29 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"""Page Industries Limited, headquartered in Bangalore, India is the exclusive licensee of JOCKEY International, Inc. (USA) for manufacture, distribution and marketing of the JOCKEY brand in India, Sri Lanka, Maldives, Bangladesh, Nepal, Bhutan, UAE, Qatar and Oman.
It has also obtained exclusive license of Speedo International Limited (England) in 2012 for the manufacture, marketing and distribution of the Speedo brand in India and Nepal.
JOCKEY, the company’s flagship brand is a market leader in the innerwear and athleisure category. Page Industries Limited, along with brand JOCKEY, has pioneered the innerwear and athleisure industry on many fronts. The introduction of high-quality products coupled with an organized and extensive network of distributors pan India has created a paradigm shift in the way consumers perceive innerwear in the country.
As of March 2019, the brand JOCKEY has 620 EBOs across India with 476 stores on high streets, 144 stores in shopping malls with high footfalls and 4 EBOs in the UAE and 2 in Sri Lanka. These stores reinforce the legacy of brand JOCKEY and allow us to showcase our complete range of products in Innerwear, Athleisure and Sportswear for men, women and kids.
Brand Speedo is present in over 1,299 stores across 155 cities and towns across the country. Additionally, with 42 EBOs in Delhi, Gurgaon, Noida, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Pune and Ahmedabad, Page Industries is geared to take brand Speedo to the next level of consumer connect and make it the most sought-after swimwear brand in the country."""
Orchids Internat...,3.0,(476 Reviews),Private,"Nasik/Nashik,Maharashtra + 20 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Orchids – The International School is the education initiative of K12Techno Services Pvt. Ltd. K12 which currently manages over 100 educational institutes across the country where over 60,000 students are nurtured under the guidance of 4000 + teachers."
Aparna Construct...,4.1,(476 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 13 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With Pioneering innovation in gated communities, we have been growing since 1996. Holding an unwavering vision to offer a sustainable balance between affordability and luxury, we bring you homes that enthrall your heart. We build homes of global standards of construction with a great sense of environmental responsibility. Our mission has been to reach new heights and become the standard bearer of the real estate industry by creating the best living spaces. Our strength lies in our experience, skill and dedication to deliver the best. Keep showering your love and trust on us and we shall pursue our dreams, while we carry out yours!"
Quest Retail,4.4,(476 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 58 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A
Royal Sundaram G...,4.0,(476 Reviews),JV,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 75 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sundaram Finance, a Non-Banking Finance Company, is one of the most respected financial services companies in India. It finances the entire range of commercial vehicles, passenger cars, construction equipment & tractors.
The Group's operations also extend to Insurance, Asset Management, Home loans, Business Process outsourcing and Infotech Solutions. Sundaram Finance has a nationwide presence with over 500 branches and over half a million customers and depositors who are serviced by over 2500 employees. Sundaram Direct, its retail distribution arm offers multiple choices of various financial products like, loans, life & general insurance, mutual funds, deposits etc., to its customers throughout India."
Reliance AJIO,3.9,(476 Reviews),Bengaluru + 138 more,7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"With the trendiest, freshest, and most unique styles from across India and the world, AJIO invites you to express your personal style fearlessly, and with a confidence and optimism that cannot be easily shaken.

AJIO OWN is our private label – that’s designed by us, and owned by you. If you’re looking for head-turning styles that are one-of-a-kind, AJIO OWN is what you should stock up on.

We bring you the trendiest and most exclusive brands from around the world to your wardrobe. Forget scouring the net for what’s hot globally, we’ve got you covered."
Schlumberger,4.3,(574 Reviews),Private,"Houston,Texas + 31 more",97 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Our story begins with what it truly means to be a technology innovator. Our common sense of purpose unites 100,000 people representing 140 nationalities with products, sales and services in more than 120 countries. We are the world’s leading provider of technology for reservoir characterization, drilling, production, and processing to a global energy industry."
Reliance Power,4.3,(475 Reviews),Public,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 27 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Reliance Power Limited (RPower) is a part of the Reliance Group, one of the leading business houses in India. RPower is a leading power generation company and has developed and constructed a large portfolio of power generation projects in India. It also operates one of the largest coal mines in India in terms of volume handled. RPower projects are diverse in geographic location, fuel source and off take. It has consistently implemented projects ahead of schedule. RPower strongly believes in clean green power and our projects are/will be using technologies with minimum environment impact. RPower is an equal opportunity provider and is focused towards nation building, contributing towards economic growth and improving lives of the local community. Our mission is to provide reliable and economical power 24x7. Reliance Power is Proud to be felicitated for remarkable performance in the Power Sector at 'The Economic Times Power Focus Summit - 2017'​"
Intel,4.3,(479 Reviews),Public,"Santa Clara,California + 18 more",55 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We create world-changing technology that improves the life of every person on the planet.

Intel put the silicon in Silicon Valley. For more than 50 years, Intel and our people have had a profound influence on the world, driving business and society forward by creating radical innovation that revolutionizes the way we live.  

Today we are applying our reach, scale, and resources to enable our customers to capitalize more fully on the power of digital technology. Inspired by Moore’s Law, we continuously work to advance the design and manufacturing of semiconductors to help address our customers’ greatest challenges."
Sri Chaitanya Sc...,4.1,(474 Reviews),Public,Hyderabad + 72 more,37 years old,11-50 Employees (India),Sri Chaitanya first surfaced on the academic horizon in the year 1986 and within a span of 25 years went on to become Asia's largest educational group. The past two and a half decades witnessed Sri Chaitanya introducing novel academic programmes that have helped students enter the nation's premier engineering and medical colleges. The manner in which the Group has transformed the outlook towards education has been nothing short of exemplary.
Artech Infosyste...,3.5,(473 Reviews),Private,"Morristown,New Jersey + 16 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Artech is a full-service staff augmentation firm dedicated to providing mission critical human capital solutions. Founded in 1992, Artech has an estimated $810M annual revenue run rate for 2019 and about 10,500 employees and consultants across the US, Canada, India, and China. As a minority- and women-owned enterprise (MWBE), Artech is certified by the National Minority Supplier Development Council (NMSDC), the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC), and the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC). Artech is also an NMSDC Corporate Plus member and was recently ranked as the 11th largest IT staffing firm and the #1 Largest Women-Owned IT Staffing Companies in the U.S. by Staffing Industry Analysts (SIA).As a Tier-1 Preferred Supplier to over 80 Fortune 500 clients and federal government entities, Artech has extensive staff augmentation experience in both IT and non-IT categories. Artech provides a variety of workforce solutions to meet the needs of its clients in support of job categories such as Information Technology (IT); Engineering; Professional and Managerial; Scientific, Clinical and regulatory; HR; Legal; Sales and Marketing; and Finance and Accounting."
Kohler,3.8,(504 Reviews),Private,"Kohler,Wisconsin + 27 more",150 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A spirit of innovation has defined us since 1873. From our roots as a bathtub manufacturer, the creativity and entrepreneurial energy of our associates has built us into one of America’s oldest and largest privately held companies. Today, we manufacture smart kitchen and bath products, build powerful engines and generators, and host world-class hospitality experiences. We challenge our own conventions and stretch our imaginations every day—to enhance the quality of life for current and future generations."
Tata Starbucks,4.4,(472 Reviews),JV,Seattle + 27 more,52 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"To say Starbucks purchases and roasts high-quality whole bean coffees is very true. That’s the essence of what we do – but it hardly tells the whole story.
Our coffeehouses have become a beacon for coffee lovers everywhere. Why do they insist on Starbucks? Because they know they can count on genuine service, an inviting atmosphere and a superb cup of expertly roasted and richly brewed coffee every time.

Expect More Than Coffee
We are passionate purveyors of coffee and everything else that goes with a rewarding coffeehouse experience. We also offer a selection of premium Tazo® teas, fine pastries and other delectable treats to please the taste buds. And the music you hear in store is chosen for its artistry and appeal. People come to Starbucks to chat, meet up or work.

We’re a neighborhood gathering place, a part of the daily routine – and we couldn’t be happier about it. Get to know us and you’ll see: we are so much more than what we brew."
HCL Comnet,3.8,(472 Reviews),Noida + 36 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,"HCL is a leading global Technology and IT Enterprise with annual revenues of US$ 5.9 billion. The HCL Enterprise comprises two companies listed in India, HCL Technologies ( www.hcltech.com ) and HCL Infosystems (www.hclinfosystems.in).  The 3 decade old enterprise, founded in 1976, is one of India's original IT garage start ups. Its range of offerings span R&D and Technology Services, Enterprise and Applications Consulting, Remote Infrastructure Management, BPO services, IT Hardware, Systems Integration and Distribution of Technology and Telecom products in India. The HCL team comprises 80,000 professionals of diverse nationalities, operating across 31 countries including 500 points of presence in India. HCL has global partnerships with several leading Fortune 1000 firms, including several IT and Technology majors."
ICCS,3.2,(472 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 17 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"A basic search for domestic call center or a call center in Delhi NCR will generate about 50 names at least. Thus, even if you are convinced that you must outsource an important functionality of your business to a Delhi NCR based BPO, selecting the right call center remains an intricate challenge. ICCS, at every step, intends to make your task easier & thus at this stage we present to you a few reasons that shall enable decision making.Our approach: We work as if we are you. Our approach is to incorporate your work methodologies into our systems & thus create a model which is specifically about enhancing business revenues & eliminating procedural complications.Infrastructural / technological capabilities: Facets like automated call desks, robust power supply structures & backup capabilities, high speed uninterrupted connectivity, capability of Sap integration, data base management, IVR deployment and more empower us to claim precedence when it comes to infrastructural or technical strength.Employee strength / personnel capabilities: At ICCS, hiring & employee training is a stringent process, which ensures that all who work for us are extremely diligent in executing the tasks assigned. There is a rigorous vetting process, which helps us select the most suitable candidates for various job profiles.Information security: Physical data security & online information security are both allotted due relevance at ICCS. To this end, at every layer we have access controls, employees need authorizations before they can retrieve vital info, there are regular audits to confirm maintenance of security standards & of course there are the firewall protection measures.Quality commitment: For us quality is meeting the committed levels of services. Thus, the quality levels which we propose to extend during the contract stages are consistently maintained.Justified pricing: We believe in delivering at a reasonable cost. Our services are economically priced & for every rupee you pay, we work to ensure justification.Experience: We have been in the call center industry since 13 years & over this time, as a domestic BPO, we have created a reputation for us & at any stage, we do not intend to let that get affected. Thus, we commit to deliver the best."
Arohan Financial...,4.0,(472 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 114 more",17 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Established in 2006 in Kolkata, Arohan Financial Services Limited, part of the Aavishkaar-Intellecap Group is eastern India's largest NBFC MFI. As on March 31, 2019, the organisation is operational in thirteen states of which ten are low-income states across the central, east and north-east, offering financial inclusion products to nearly 1.9 million under-served clients, through 593 branches with a loan portfolio of over to INR 4045 Cr in microfinance and MSME lending. It has a bank loan rating of A- and MFI grading of MF1 from CARE Ratings. Driven by its mission to empower the underserved through a range of financial services, in a manner sustainable for all stakeholders, Arohan plans to extend its operations and aims to become one of India's 10 best places to work in.

Arohan is one of the few NBFC-MFIs in India to offer loans ranging from INR 10000 to as high as INR 100 lakh. It works with strong, local partners on the ground to further improve its reach in the remotest locations of its focus low-income geographies. Arohan also offers financial safety net products such as and non-financial products to its customers at affordable costs."
Tanishq,4.3,(472 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 117 more",29 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Tanishq is a jewellery brand of India. It is a division of Titan Company,[1] a company promoted by the Tata Group in collaboration with the Tamil Nadu Industrial Development Corporation (TIDCO). Tanishq's headquarters is at Bengaluru (Bangalore) in Karnataka"
Leadec,3.9,(471 Reviews),Private,Stuttgart + 38 more,61 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Leadec is the leading provider of technical services for the automotive and manufacturing industries. The company, which is headquartered in Stuttgart, employs about 20,000 people worldwide. In 2019 Leadec earned sales of around EUR 900 million. For more than 50 years, Leadec has been supporting its customers along the entire production supply chain. The service provider is based at more than 300 sites, often directly at the customers’ plants and facilities."
Transsion,4.3,(471 Reviews),Public,Shenzhen + 52 more,17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"TRANSSION Holdings is committed to becoming the most popular provider of smart devices and mobile services for consumers in global emerging markets. The company is best known for its high-quality multi-brand smart devices. Mobile phones are its core products, while it also offers mobile Internet services based on a self-developed operating system. TRANSSION's brand portfolio comprises leading mobile phone brands in emerging markets, including TECNO, itel and Infinix, as well as Carlcare for after-sales services, oraimo for smart accessories, and Syinix for home appliances."
Rodic Consultant...,4.3,(470 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 80 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in the year 2000, Rodic Consultants Private Limited has successfully emerged as a phenomenally sound, accomplished and motivated organization providing a wide spectrum of consulting services in the field of Infrastructure."
Aspire Systems,4.0,(470 Reviews),Private,Oak Brook + 11 more,27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aspire Systems is a global technology services firm serving as a trusted technology partner for our customers. We work with some of the world's most innovative enterprises and independent software vendors, helping them leverage technology and outsourcing in our specific areas of expertise. 

Our services include Product Engineering, Enterprise Solutions, Independent Testing Services, and IT Infrastructure Support services. 

Our core philosophy of ""Attention. Always."" communicates our belief in lavishing care and attention on our customers and employees."
Velocis Systems,4.0,(470 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 37 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Velocis helps organizations to leverage IT for competitive advantage and to derive business value. Our competencies are Networks, Data Center, Collaboration, Mobility & Cloud. These competencies are delivered as business solutions by our professionally certified team of over 900 professionals. Our services have attained a place of prominence in the Indian IT landscape. Our Managed Services team and NOC helps our customers get desired up-time for their IT Assets so that they can deliver satisfaction to their customers. Our New initiatives are in the domain of Cloud and Mobility"
Volvo,4.1,(3.6k Reviews),Private,"Gothenburg,Gothenburg + 34 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Volvo Group is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of trucks, buses, construction equipment and marine and industrial engines. The Group also provides complete solutions for financing and service. The Volvo Group, with its headquarters in Gothenburg, employs about 100,000 people, has production facilities in 18 countries and sells its products in more than 190 markets."
Jain Irrigation ...,3.9,(469 Reviews),Public,"Jalgaon,Maharashtra + 70 more",60 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Jain Irrigation Systems, often known as Jain Irrigation, JISL, or simply Jains, is a multinational conglomerate organisation based in Jalgaon, India. JISL employs over 12,000 employees, 11,000 Dealers and Distributors and has 33 manufacturing plants worldwide"
Chennai Radha En...,3.9,(469 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 32 more",18 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Chennai Radha Engineering Works Pvt. Ltd (CREW) is a leading company in the vertical of Bulk Material Handling systems by undertaking projects in Thermal Power Plants & Ports with an annual turnover of 641 crores INR. In the due course of 35 years, we have established a strong benchmark across India by having the service spread over Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Orissa, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Chhatisgarh, Punjab, Haryana, and Rajasthan.

Being one of the most Competent Service Player in the Engineering Market with PAN India advantage, CREW stands unique in the Operation & Maintenance segment of Thermal Power Space in terms of Coal Handling as well as Ash Handling Plant Maintenance by meeting out the TAT as well as Quality Deliverables committed to its customer base. Also, the core expertise in the same vertical could help to establish value benchmarks in the bulk material handling services across major ports of India.

By catering the operational as well as business excellence demands of the targeted industries, CREW continues its consistent journey with the emotional binding of 9500 plus employees across 11 states in more than 39 Plants which in turn stand instrumental in meeting out the employment as well as social responsibility measures of Rural India."
Evision Technose...,4.7,(469 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 58 more",11 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Evision Technoserve Pvt Ltd (ISO 9001-2008) primary an IT Recruitment and HR Consulting company in Infrastructure Manage Service. Evision provide Recruitment Support to Wipro Infotech, HCL Technology, IBM Infosystem and Tech Mahindra Partners companies in PAN India location. We have best technical expert team members working with TOP MNC Companies from India and Aboard.We provide integrated solution for Recruitment Services, HR Consulting and Staff Outsourcing for IT Companies. We are a leader in Systems Integration (SI), Facility Management Services (FMS) and High-end Technical Training services. Evision presence in Bangalore, Noida with Over 8 Yearsâ€™ Experience and 350 + Satisfied Companies Association in PAN India Location"
Amazon Logistics,4.4,(469 Reviews),Hyderabad/Secunderabad + 83 more,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Rupeek,3.8,(469 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 46 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded by IIT Alumnus Sumit Maniyar & backed by investment partners including Bertelsmann, Sequoia Capital, GGV, Accel Partners, and so on, Rupeek exists to create equal access to credit for every Indian. We provide low-interest online gold loans at the convenience of our customer's homes. 

Our easy 4-step gold loan process ensures your gold loan experience remains safe, personal & tense free. Our low-interest schemes make loans against gold an accessible option for our customers to fulfill their needs."
Royal Caribbean ...,4.7,(629 Reviews),Public,"Miami,Florida + 13 more",54 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Royal Caribbean International is the world’s largest cruise line building on a proud history of innovation as we continue to redefine what a vacation can be. From the first surf simulator at sea to VOOM, the fastest internet at sea, we provide our guests with experiences that are above and beyond, not just in the Caribbean but around the world. We invite you to #ComeSeek."
Caparo Engineeri...,3.7,(468 Reviews),"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 32 more",55 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"Caparo India, the Indian business arm of Caparo Group, began its operations in 1994, as a joint venture with India's largest car manufacturer- Maruti Suzuki India Limited. Today, through its multiple strategic business entities, the group offers end-to-end solutions in the Design, Development and Manufacture of automotive systems, assemblies, modules and components for Automotive OEMs and Engineering majors.

Caparo India leverages its exhaustive capabilities in Metal Stamping, Fastening, Tubing, Forging, Fabrication and Aluminum Foundry businesses, coupled with its state-of-the-art Tool Room and R&D Centre, to service top-notch clients such as Maruti Suzuki, Suzuki Motors, Honda Motorcycle & Scooters, Tata Motors, Renault-Nissan, TAFE, JCB, Volvo Eicher, Ashok Leyland, Mahindra & Mahindra, Royal Enfield, Escorts Tractors & Construction Equipments, International Tractors, New Holland Tractors, Man Trucks, Daimler, Borgwarner, Honeywell, Gabriel, Indian Railways, etc. The company's ability to offer complete lifecycle solutions backed by technological superiority and customer orientation, make it a force to reckon with in its areas of expertise.

Caparo India currently employs 5000 direct and indirect employees across 24 world-class functional and upcoming facilities."
Prodapt Solution...,3.9,(468 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 7 more",2023 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We welcome diverse voices and fresh perspectives to strengthen our capabilities and make better decisions. We bring in people from all walks of life who contribute together to our growth and aspirations. Our diversity and inclusion approach lays the foundation of our work culture. Hence, we encourage Prodaptians and stakeholders to recognize and embrace them to unlock our full potential.

We want to be recognized as an organization where people from diverse backgrounds and thoughts are immensely valued. We trust this will strengthen our performance by bringing us closer to each other and fulfilling the needs of our customers.

Our Code of Conduct policies includes some basic principles of appropriateness in conduct and standard of ethics which must be abode by every person in Prodapt. It sets out our values, responsibilities, and ethical obligations that aim to enlighten Prodaptians to do the right when in doubt.

Our workforce consists of individuals from 20+ countries and Prodaptians are located globally in 19 locations across the Americas, Europe, Africa, and Asia. We strive to provide equal employment opportunities to everyone without being biased on gender, culture, interest, and sexual orientation. It enables a healthy and productive workplace that promotes fair treatment for everyone."
Wheels,4.1,(467 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 23 more",61 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Wheels India Limited is company promoted by the TVS Group, India’s largest auto component manufacturers. Starting with a bus service in 1911, the TVS Group has grown to become one of India’s largest business houses with businesses in two wheelers, vehicle dealerships & logistics and auto components which had a turnover of over USD 7 Billion (FY 2012-13).Wheels India (established in 1962) is one of the largest steel wheel manufacturers in the world. The company had turnover of USD 375 Million (FY 2012-13) coming from the segments of Cars/ UVs, Commercial vehicles, Tractors, Single Piece wheels and Construction & Earth Mover wheels. The company also manufactures air suspension kits for trucks and buses. With over 15 % of its turnover coming from exports, particularly from the Construction & Earth Mover equipment segment, it is truly a global player in the auto components industry.Wheels India started production of wheels for commercial vehicles in 1962 at our plant in Padi, Chennai. The company started the production of car and tractor wheels in Padi in 1965. In 1972, the company made a foray into the construction equipment sector with Hindustan Motors (now CAT India). In 1982, the company opened its second facility in Rampur for tractor wheels. Wheels India entered the wire wheel business in 1988 and also entered the air suspension market under the brand “WILRIDE”. In 1998, the company opened a facility in Pune to cater to this growing automotive hub. This facility manufactures wheels for car, trucks and busses."
Finolex Cables,3.8,(469 Reviews),Public,Pune + 55 more,67 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Finolex Cables Ltd is India's largest and leading manufacturer of electrical and telecommunication cables with a turnover in excess of  ₹26 Billion (about US$ 400 million).

The company started its operation with the manufacture of PVC insulated electrical cables for the automobile industry. Since then, the Company has constantly endeavored to augment its product range to include PVC Insulated Industrial Cables , FR-LSH PVC Insulated Industrial Cables, PVC Insulated Single Core and Multicore Flexible Industrial Cables, Rodent Repellent Multicore Flexible Industrial Cables, PVC Insulated Winding Wires and 3 Core Flat Cables, XLPE 3 Core Flat Cables, Power and Control Cables, High Voltage Power Cables (Up to 33 kV), Polyethylene Insulated Jelly Filled Telephone Cables, Auto & Battery Cables, Co-axial and CATV cables, LAN Cables, Switchboard Cables, Fibre Optic Cables, Solar Cables and others"
IMPACT Infotech,3.7,(466 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 46 more",29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Impact is Service business partners for companies like Wipro, CMS and CMC to name a few. An organization’s ability to deliver results is strongly determined by its backbone i.e. IT Infrastructure. We have been managing a number of complex IT infrastructures for some of our clients over the past 16 years and have built significant capabilities and expertise in providing Infrastructure Management Services.Impact is completely equipped to support Customer right through the IT Infrastructure"
Brillio,3.7,(466 Reviews),Private,"Edison,New Jersey + 7 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Born digital in 2014, Brillio is a powerhouse of digital transformations. Orchestrated around the superpowers of technology – Cloud, AI, Mobile, IoT, we are a partner of choice for leading companies around the world, helping them leverage digital technologies. We’re present in 15 locations across 6 countries – USA, Canada, Mexico, UK, Romania, and India.

In a short span of 8 years, we have welcomed 3 companies through acquisitions and have grown into a family of 6000+ people globally. Through our four practices - Platform & Product Engineering, Data Analytics & Engineering, Customer Experience Services, and Digital Infrastructure, Brillians around the world is a beacon of hope for innovation. 

We have helped over 50 Fortune 1000 and over 40 Fortune 500 companies reimagine their digital ecosystem. We have extensive expertise across verticals like Technology, Media, & Telecom, Banking, Financial Services, & Insurance, Retail, Consumer Products, & Distribution, and Healthcare & Life Sciences. 

We’re officially Certified™️ by Great Place To Work®️ in USA, India, Romania & UK! 
To learn more follow us on our social platforms @brillioglobal and visit our website at www.brillio.com."
United Spirits,4.1,(466 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 88 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"United Spirits Limited (USL) is created through the merger of McDowell & Co Limited, Herbertsons Limited, Triumph Distillers and Vintners Private Limited, Baramati Grape Industries India Limited, Shaw Wallace Distilleries Limited and four other companies."
Quatrro,3.5,(466 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 4 more,18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Quatrro is a global services company offering business and knowledge processing services to organizations seeking higher operational effectiveness, greater flexibility and lower operating costs. For over 21 years companies of all sizes have been relying on our capabilities to leverage the benefits of globalization and gain a competitive advantage. Quatrro consists of several complementary business lines, each one intensely focused on serving the needs of its clients with technology-based, expert knowledge services while leveraging the overall resources of Quatrro – operational excellence, global infrastructure and capital. With more than 80 enterprise clients, 15,000+ SMB & SOHO customers, 1,000,000+ retail customers around the world, our leadership team is known as “the pioneers of the Indian Business Process Outsourcing industry.”"
Denave,4.0,(466 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 50 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Denave is a global sales enablement company focused on driving revenue growth for its customers through a wide range of service offerings. The company leverages latest technology trends and disruptive approach to create effective sales engines.
Denave has built multi-industry expertise partnering with global businesses and takes a solution-conscious approach to deliver best practices in sales by leveraging people, processes, technology and innovation to drive revenue. 
Denave has reach across 5 continents, 50+ countries and 500+ cities globally."
Kutumbh Care,4.0,(466 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 123 more",16 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We, at Kutumbh HRCare, understand that Human Resource is the only important and dynamic factor of production in any business organization. Effective human capital management enhances the work environment and increases the productivity of human resource of the organization. We believe that human resource is the foundation of any great organization; a motivated, well-focused and well-trained human resource aids in attaining societal, organizational and functional objectives. Systematic human capital management develops the quality of life and maintains ethical policies of the organization. Considering the importance of human capital management and contribution of the human resource in the success of any organization, Kutumbh HRCare, makes every concerted effort to effectively offer human capital management solutions to its client and help them achieve desirable professional and personal goals."
bnp paribas indi...,4.0,(466 Reviews),Paris + 7 more,175 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"Established in 2005, BNP Paribas India Solutions is a wholly owned subsidiary of BNP Paribas SA, a leading bank in Europe with an international reach.

With delivery centers located in Bengaluru, Chennai and Mumbai, we are a 24x7 global delivery center. We service various business lines of BNP Paribas such as Corporate and Institutional Banking (CIB), Wealth Management and Retail Banking."
Renew Solar Powe...,4.3,(466 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 43 more,12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ReNew Power is the largest renewable energy IPP in India in terms of total energy generation capacity. Since commencing operations with a 25.2 MW wind project in Jasdan, Gujarat, the company has grown exponentially, and has a current renewable asset base of over 8 GW, of which more than 5 GW is operational.

ReNew Power develops, builds, owns and operates utility scale wind and solar energy projects as well as distributed solar energy projects that generate energy for commercial and industrial customers. It today operates more than 100 utility scale projects spread across 8 states in India, generating 1% of India’s total electricity and helping to mitigate 0.5% of India’s total carbon emissions.

Established in the year 2011 by Sumant Sinha, ReNew Power is backed by marquee investors from across the globe such as Goldman Sachs, Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, JERA (a joint venture between two of Japan’s largest utilities companies, Tokyo Electric Power Co., Inc. and Chubu Electric Power Co.) and Global Environment Fund."
Redington,4.2,(465 Reviews),Public,"Dubai,Dubai + 44 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Redington Gulf provides end-to-end supply chain solutions for all categories of Information Technology products (PCs, PC building blocks, networking, software and enterprise solution products) and Consumer and Lifestyle products (Telecom, Digital Lifestyle products, Entertainment products and Digital Printing Machines) to over 100 international brands and relationship with major brands has been maintained for years. Redington Gulf (a subsidiary of Redington India) is amongst the leading supply chain solution providers in Middle East, Africa, Turkey (via Arena Bilgisayar) and CIS region for leading manufacturers of Information Technology, Telecom and Lifestyle products."
Vakrangee,3.7,(465 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 76 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Incorporated in 1990, we are a technology-driven company centred around building India’s largest network of last-mile retail outlets to deliver our services to the unserved and the underserved rural, semi-urban and urban population of the country. The Assisted Digital Convenience stores are called as Nextgen Vakrangee Kendras, which act as the ‘One Stop Shop’ for availing multiple products and services"
Zydus Lifescienc...,4.2,(4.8k Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 50 more",71 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Zydus Lifesciences Limited (Formerly known as Cadila Healthcare Limited), a leading Indian Pharmaceutical company is a fully integrated, global healthcare provider. With in-depth domain expertise in the field of healthcare, it has strong capabilities across the spectrum of the pharmaceutical value chain. 

From formulations to active pharmaceutical ingredients and animal healthcare products to wellness products, Zydus has earned a reputation amongst Indian pharmaceutical companies for providing comprehensive and complete healthcare solutions.

One of the salient features of Zydus is its rich history and lineage. The origin of the company dates all the way back to the 1950s. The company was founded in the year 1952 by Mr. Ramanbhai B. Patel (late), a first-generation entrepreneur and a doyen in the field of Indian Pharmaceuticals.

In 1995, the group was restructured and thus was formed Cadila Healthcare under the aegis of the Zydus group. From a humble turnover of Rs. 250 crores in 1995 the group witnessed significant financial growth and registered a turnover of over Rs. 15,000 crores in FY-21.

Adhering to its brand promise of being dedicated to life in all its dimensions, Zydus continues to innovate with an unswerving focus to address unmet healthcare needs. Simultaneously it rededicates itself to its mission of creating healthier, happier communities across the globe."
Grant Thornton,3.9,(464 Reviews),Private,"Chicago,Illinois + 33 more",99 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Founded in Chicago in 1924, Grant Thornton LLP is the U.S. member firm of Grant Thornton International Ltd, one of the world’s leading organizations of independent assurance, tax and advisory firms. We have offices in 59 commercial centers throughout the United States, represented by 594 partners and managing directors and over 8,500 personnel. Our annual revenue exceeds $1.74 billion (USD). In the U.S., visit Grant Thornton LLP at www.grantthornton.com Grant Thornton LLP will never request money or any form of payment for services via social media. Please report any concerns at 1-800-810-3503."
PayPal,4.1,(464 Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 6 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 277 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. For PayPal financial information, visit https://investor.paypal-corp.com."
Ingram Micro,4.0,(509 Reviews),Private,"Irvine,California + 39 more",44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ingram Micro helps businesses fully realize the promise of technology™—helping them maximize the value of the technology that they make, sell or use. With its vast global infrastructure and focus on cloud, mobility, technology lifecycle, supply chain and technology solutions, Ingram Micro enables business partners to operate more efficiently and successfully in the markets they serve.

No other company delivers as broad and deep a spectrum of technology and supply chain services to businesses around the world.

Ingram Micro amplifies the value of its position at the intersection of thousands of vendor, reseller and retailer partners by customizing and delivering highly targeted applications for industry verticals, business to business customers and commercial needs. From provisioning solutions for system integrators working at the heart of the network to offerings through the full lifecycle of mobile devices, SMB to global enterprise software and computing, point of sale to cloud services, professional AV to physical security—Ingram Micro is trusted by customers to have the expertise and resources to help them define and push the boundaries of what’s possible."
Sadbhav Engineer...,4.2,(484 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 60 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1988 by Mr. Vishnubhai Patel, Sadbhav Engineering Limited (SEL) today is considered among the few elite infrastructure companies in the country. In the last couple of decades, we have truly risen above and beyond. By executing projects of national significance, we have powerfully integrated ourselves in the Indian Infrastructure sector. Every new endeavor of our company has the ultimate goal of enhancing the quality of life for people across the country and creating new opportunities without compromising on quality."
Sintex Industrie...,4.2,(460 Reviews),Public,"Kalol,Gujarat + 51 more",92 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Our history goes back to 1931! And we’re as true to our guiding principles today as we were back then. For more than 8 decades, we have been helping our clients, industries and societies prosper. We’ve been leading the way in Plastics and Textiles, and are present across major Asian, European, American, and African markets, in 9 countries including France, Germany, and USA."
Primus Global Te...,4.4,(460 Reviews),Private,"Irving,Texas + 22 more",21 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"PRIMUS Global Technologies Pvt Ltd, is head quartered in the US. We are one of the fastest growing IT Services and IT staffing firms based out of Bangalore , Hyderabad, Vizag & Pune in India. We are 2000 + IT strong work force deployed in various IT projects across our clients ."
Bluestream Softw...,4.7,(460 Reviews),Private,"New Delhi,Delhi + 7 more",1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Bluestream Software Solutions is a leading business process consulting firm and reseller of ERP and accounting software. Specializing in the manufacturing and distribution industries, Bluestream Software Solutions has over two decades of experience working with clients to optimize their business processes using automation and creative business software solutions."
Temenos,3.3,(459 Reviews),Private,"Geneva,Switzerland + 6 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1993 and listed on the Swiss Stock Exchange (SIX: TEMN), Temenos AG is the world’s leader in banking software, partnering with banks and other financial institutions to transform their businesses and stay ahead of a changing marketplace. Headquartered in Geneva, with more than 68 offices worldwide, Temenos provides banking software systems to retail, corporate, universal, private, Islamic, microfinance and community banks, wealth managers, and financial institutions. Over 3,000 firms across the globe, including 41 of the top 50 banks, rely on Temenos to process the daily transactions of more than 500 million banking customers. Temenos customers are proven to be more profitable than their peers: over a seven-year period, they enjoyed on average a 31% higher return on assets, a 36% higher return on equity and an 8.6 percentage point lower cost/income ratio than banks running legacy applications."
Kalpataru Group,3.7,(459 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 44 more",54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1969, Kalpataru Limited is one of India’s leading real estate companies. A recipient of several global awards in design and quality, Kalpataru has created defining landmarks that have set new standards in real estate development for close to half a century. From building Mumbai’s tallest residential tower in the 70’s, a record that stood for the next quarter of a century, to introducing the concept of 1.5 bedroom homes, to building Asia’s first, and the world’s sixth Platinum LEED certified commercial building, to being among the earliest adopters of eco-friendly construction methodologies, today, Kalpataru’s projects are evergrowing vibrant lifespaces for thousands of satisfied families."
Westside,4.2,(459 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 75 more,25 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Established in 1998 as part of the Tata Group, Trent Ltd. operates Westside, one of India's largest and fastest growing chains of retail stores.

The company has already established 159 Westside departmental stores measuring 8,000-34,000 sqft in floor space across 82 cities. The Westside format offers a predominantly exclusive brands model across women’s wear, menswear, kids’ wear, footwear, lingerie, cosmetics, perfumes and handbags, household furniture and accessories. Well designed interiors and prime locations enhance the customer’s shopping experience.

Trent ventured into the hypermarket business in 2004 with Star Bazaar, providing an assortment of products made available at the lowest prices, aptly exemplifying its ‘Helping you spend less’ motto. This store offers customers an array of products that include staple foods, beverages, health & beauty products, consumer electronics and household items at the most affordable prices. Star Bazaar also includes a large range of fashionable in-house garments for men, women and children, available exclusively at the store."
Asirvad Microfin...,4.0,(459 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 137 more",16 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Asirvad Microfinance Limited is an NBFc promoted by an IIT & IIM alumni Shri. S.V. Raja Vaidyanathan and his family members in the year 2007. It provides microfinance loans to women from poor and low-income household through its network of branches across 22 States in India.In February 2015, Manappuram acquired majority stakes and Asirvad is now a subsidiary company of the Gold Loan Company Manappuram Finance Ltd. The company has raised funds through term loans from Banks and leading NBFCs, listed NCDs and completed many securitization deals with Banks."
Hitachi Payment ...,3.9,(458 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 28 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Hitachi Payment Services empowers financial institutions and merchant aggregators with a comprehensive array of technology-led payment solutions. Its cash and digital payment solutions enable high level of customer satisfaction and has redefined the way payments are fulfilled today.
Cult.fit,3.8,(458 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 28 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At cult.fit, we strive to keep you fit & healthy through a range of holistic offerings that include fitness and yoga, healthy meals, mental wellbeing, and primary care. Now anyone can now stay healthy from the safety of their homes with just a single app that helps you to #BeBetterEveryDay"
Advik Hi Tech,3.6,(458 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 16 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ADVIK Hi-Tech Private Limited (AHPL) is one of India's leading & global automotive component manufacturers. We have been catering to the eclectic needs of a number of domestic and overseas customers across four continents in the two-wheeler, stationary, engine, and transmission system segments for the past 12 years.

We provide custom-made solutions for our customer's designs, keeping in mind their needs and specifications. Our customer base includes leading automotive original equipment manufacturers in India, Europe, the UK, the US, and the ASEAN region.

We are the preferred global supplier for a range of automotive components including lifter tensioners, oil pumps, fuel cocks – manual & auto, decompression units, water pumps, combi brake systems, drum gear shifters, starter gears, and many more.

We at ADVIK credit our success and growth to the areas of excellence, which include:
-State-of-the-art research and development center, which the Government of India recognized.
-Cellular manufacturing set-up for product engineering.
-Most advanced machines with the latest technology.
-TPM Way of Life.
-Testing & metallurgical laboratory.

Fulfilling the requirements of our customers is our 250-plus strong workforce of technically qualified engineers and experienced professionals.

We have technical collaboration with German R&D company FMO Technologies (Trochocentric) GmbH for the design, development, & production of oil pump assemblies for passenger cars, commercial vehicles, stationary engines, & transmission systems. We are committed to providing world-class products to our customers in an effort to create a global footprint in world markets."
Jaya Hind Indust...,3.8,(518 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 14 more",76 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Jaya Hind Industries (JHI) is a part of the Dr. Abhay Firodia Group of companies; one of India's pioneering industrial houses focusing largely in the automotive domain.
AIIMS,4.2,(457 Reviews),"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 35 more",67 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"Creating a country imbued with a scientific culture was Jawaharlal Nehru's dream, and immediately after independence he prepared a grand design to achieve it. Among the temples of modern India which he designed, was a centre of excellence in the medical sciences. Nehru's dream was that such a centre would set the pace for medical education and research in Southeast Asia , and in this he had the wholehearted support of his Health Minister, Rajkumari Amrit Kaur.
The health survey and development committee ,chaired by Sir Joseph Bhore, an Indian Civil Servant ,had in 1946 already recommended the establishment of a national medical centre which would concentrate on meeting the need for highly qualified manpower to look after the nation's expanding health care activities . The dreams of Nehru and Amrit Kaur and the recommendations of the Bhore Committee converged to create a proposal which found favor with the government of New Zealand. A generous grant from New Zealand under the Colombo Plan made it possible to lay the foundation stone of All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in 1952.The AIIMS was finally created in 1956,as an autonomous institution through an Act of Parliament ,to serve as a nucleus for nurturing excellence in all aspect of health care.
All-India Institute of Medical Sciences was established as an institution of national importance by an Act of Parliament with the objects to develop patterns of teaching in Undergraduate and Post-graduate Medical Education in all its branches so as to demonstrate a high standard of Medical Education in India; to bring together in one place educational facilities of the highest order for the training of personnel in all important branches of health activity; and to attain self-sufficiency in Post-graduate Medical Education.
The Institute has comprehensive facilities for teaching, research and patient-care. As provided in the Act, AIIMS conducts teaching programs in medical and para-medical courses both at undergraduate and postgraduate levels and awards its own degrees. Teaching and research are conducted in 42 disciplines. In the field of medical research AIIMS is the lead, having more than 600 research publications by its faculty and researchers in a year. AIIMS also runs a College of Nursing and trains students for B.Sc.(Hons.) Nursing post-certificate) degrees.
Twenty-five clinical departments including four super specialty centers manage practically all types of disease conditions with support from pre- and Para-clinical departments. However, burn cases, dog-bite cases and patients suffering from infectious diseases are not entertained in the AIIMS Hospital. AIIMS also manages a 60-beded hospital in the Comprehensive Rural Health Centre at Ballabgarh in Haryana and provides health cover to about 2.5 lakh population through the Centre for Community Medicine."
OMICS Internatio...,2.8,(469 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 4 more",16 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"We are a group of publications including iMedPub LTD and Conference Series LLC LTD. We Organize 3000+ Conferences across USA, Europe & Asia with support from 1000 more scientific societies and Publishes 700+ Open Access Journals which contains over 50000 eminent personalities, reputed scientists as editorial board members.
We are an organization that amalgamates Open Access Publications and International science events for the benefit of the global scientific community. The organization was established in the year 2007 with the sole aim of providing a platform for ""Open Access"" to the research information pertaining to diversified fields of Science and technology. We publishe scholarly journals that can be easily accessed online without paying any subscription charges. Our organization plays an instrumental role in expanding the reach of research data in the real time, which in turn helps in furthering the research. Research Scholars, Students, Libraries, Educational Institutions, Research centers and industries are the main stakeholders that are benefitted from open access to research data. We also organize 3000+ International conferences across the globe, where knowledge transfer takes place through debates, round table discussions, poster presentations, workshops, symposia and exhibitions."
Incedo,3.9,(456 Reviews),Private,"Iselin,New Jersey + 8 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Incedo is a Bay Area headquartered, consulting, analytics, and technology services firm. We work across the Financial Services, Life Science, and Communication Engineering sectors, enabling our clients to maximize business impact through emerging technologies. 

We work on some of the most challenging problems in the areas of revenue generation, cost efficiency, and increasing innovation velocity to deliver true business value."
IDFC FIRST Bhara...,4.2,(456 Reviews),Tiruchirappalli + 166 more,7 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"IDFC FIRST Bharat Limited (formerly known as Grama Vidiyal Microfinance Limited), is a wholly owned subsidiary company of IDFC Bank (www.idfcbank.com). The company acts as a Business Correspondent for IDFC Bank by offering various financial services like loans, savings accounts, payment services and insurance to the underserved rural women through a pan India network.

GVMFL was acquired by IDFC Bank in the year 2016. Prior to the acquisition, GVMFL was one of the renowned and the largest microfinance institutions across the planet in terms of its outreach and large credit portfolio. Today, it serves more than a million households in 5 states of the country utilizing the dedicated services of more than 3,500 employees.

With the varied products, IDFC FIRST Bharat Limited (GVMFL) not only aims at achieving the economic sustainability of its women members, but also facilitates holistic empowerment of women and their families in social and cultural fronts."
Anchor Electrica...,4.1,(456 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 68 more",60 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Over the last five decades, Anchor has managed to capture the attention of every citizen in this country. It started with a humble vision of manufacturing electrical products of outstanding quality at a time when the market involving electrical switches or wiring devices was handled by the unorganized sector."
Kotak Mahindra P...,4.0,(455 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 81 more",27 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Kotak Mahindra Prime limited (KMPL) is a subsidiary of Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited and is in the business of financing all passenger vehicles & two wheelers. KMPL is India's leading car finance company since 1996 and started financing two wheelers since 2018. The company is dedicated to financing dealers and retail customers. The company offers financing in the form of loans for the entire range of passenger cars, multi utility vehicles, pre-owned cars & two wheelers. The company also offers inventory funding and term loans to car & two wheeler dealers. KMPL has preferred financier relationships with various manufacturers in India and has a retail distribution network comprising of 99 branches in 22 states in the country and a wide network of direct marketing associates and agencies supporting its distribution network."
Gayatri Projects,3.8,(455 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 64 more",60 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Gayatri Projects Ltd. is the flagship company of the esteemed and well diversified Gayatri Group that has interests in infrastructure, power, hospitality, real estate and industry. With an annual turnover of Rs.3,463.00 crores, net worth of Rs.1,329.63 crores and total assets of Rs.5,864.00 crore on a Standalone basis in FY19, it is one of India’s leading infrastructure players.Established in 1963 as a partnership firm specializing in irrigation construction projects, it has now established itself as one of India’s leading infrastructure companies with a rich and diverse experience and expertise in both construction and ownership of infrastructure assets.The company has a strong presence in the EPC (Engineering Procurement and Construction) construction of road, irrigation and industrial projects across India. Over the last 5 decades, the company has executed projects comprising over 6,842 Lane kms of roads and 3,981 Lane Kms in progress, 425 kms of irrigation canals including Field Channels and several industrial projects and has a current order book of nearly Rs.16,317.00 crores as on March, 2019."
Rallis India,4.3,(455 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 71 more",75 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Rallis, a TATA Enterprise is a subsidiary of Tata Chemicals, with its business presence in the Farm Essentials vertical. It is one of India’s leading crop care companies. The company’s 2,300 distributors reach more than 40,000 retail counters across the country covering more than 80% of India’s districts. Rallis is known for its deep understanding of Indian agriculture, sustained contact with farmers, quality agrochemicals, branding and marketing expertise and its strong product portfolio of comprehensive crop care solutions. Rallis is closely connected to around 1 Million farmers through Rallis Kisan Kutumb programme. It is estimated that around 5 Million+ farmers benefit from the agriculture solutions provided by Rallis."""
IFFCO,4.0,(1.5k Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 62 more",56 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative Limited, also known as IFFCO is a Multi-state cooperative society engaged in the business of manufacturing and marketing of fertilisers headquartered in New Delhi, India"
Eris Lifescience...,4.0,(454 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 63 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Eris has outpaced the Indian Pharmaceutical Market (IPM) growth with a CAGR of 19.7% in Chronic+Subchronic and 13.7% in Acute therapy segment. Our field force productivity of INR 4.1 Lac (YPM – Yield per Man per Month) is industry-leading and we are amongst the most productive companies in the Industry.Our product portfolio is primarily focused on therapeutic areas which are treated by super-specialist and specialist doctors such as Diabetologists, Endocrinologists, Cardiologists, Gastroenterologists, and Neurologists. Super specialists and specialists contribute to 86.3% of our total prescriptions as compared to 62.6% for the IPM."
Edubridge Learni...,4.0,(453 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 57 more",14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"EduBridge - Building Tomorrow’s Workforce:

EduBridge is a workforce development organization started by a group of IIM alumni and professors in October 2009 with Registered Office in Kolkata and Head Office in Mumbai. 
It had been setup with the vision of fulfilling the skill gap that exists currently between semi-urban/economically backward youth and the skill requirements of the high-performing companies/government organizations. 
With a decade long experience of working with over 150,000 youth, strong offline presence across 18 states, extensive local networks & ecosystems, tried and tested tech architecture and strong relationships with recruiters, corporate and the youth.
We are now very well-placed to grow our online business as an Integrated Workforce Development Platform for the youth‘s journey from a student to a productive member of the workforce.
We are proud to be partners of National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC), a Govt. of India organization, and participate in the mission of up-skilling India’s rural and semi-urban youth. We are also backed by a well-known venture capital company – Acumen Fund which invests in firms that create a social impact."
EMERSON PROCESS ...,4.0,(720 Reviews),Public,"St. Louis,Missouri + 24 more",133 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Emerson, we’re passionate about what we do. By fusing decades of technology and engineering expertise, Emerson continues to solve some of the world’s most complex challenges with innovative solutions for customers in industrial, commercial, and residential markets. We recruit the greatest talent and apply the best technologies to benefit our customers worldwide."
Sl Lumax,3.4,(452 Reviews),Public,"Sriperumbudur,Tamil Nadu + 11 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SL offers auto parts such as auto lamp assemblies, chassis, mirror, and FEM (Front End Module) for over half a century since its inception in 1954. Celebrating its 50th anniversary in 2004, SL changed its company name from Samlip Industrial to SL to improve company image as a global company. While seeking to expand and reinforce its capability based on solid management of core businesses, SL is committed to endeavoring to make itself a long lived company which provides employees with vision and fulfills its corporate social responsibility in the local commu"
Future Lifestyle...,4.2,(451 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 53 more",11 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Future Lifestyle Fashions (FLF) is the flagship fashion business of Future Group. At FLF, we operate more than 300 stores in 90+ cities, occupying 5.7 mn sq ft of retail space. We own and market leading brands, through our in-house retail chains Central and Brand Factory, exclusive brand outlets (EBOs) and other multi-brand outlets (MBOs). From design to distribution, we are present in every segment of India’s fashion industry."
Signify,3.9,(451 Reviews),Amsterdam + 57 more,93 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Signify (Euronext: LIGHT) is the world leader in lighting for professionals and consumers and lighting for the Internet of Things. Our Philips products, Interact connected lighting systems and data-enabled services, deliver business value and transform life in homes, buildings and public spaces. With 2019 sales of EUR 6.2 billion, we have approximately 32,000 employees and are present in over 70 countries. We unlock the extraordinary potential of light for brighter lives and a better world. We have been named Industry Leader in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for three years in a row. News from Signify is located at the Newsroom, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram. Information for investors can be found on the Investor Relations page."
First Advantage,3.9,(450 Reviews),Private,"Atlanta,Georgia + 12 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"First Advantage delivers comprehensive background check solutions and insights that enable employers and housing providers to make confident choices, reduce risk, and maintain compliance. With offices in 26 locations and a staff of 4,000+ employees, First Advantage leverages leading technology and the industry’s largest global capabilities to complete background checks in 200+ countries and territories. If you’re looking for employee or tenant background check solutions that enable fast and reliable decision making, we’re your First Advantage."
OLX,4.1,(450 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 38 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are one of the world’s fastest-growing networks of trading platforms, operating in 30+ countries around the world.

We help people buy and sell cars, find housing, get jobs, buy and sell household goods, and much more. With more than 20 well-loved local brands including Avito, OLX, Otomoto, and Property24, our solutions are built to be safe, smart, and convenient for our customers. 

We are powered by a team of 10,000+ people, working across 5 continents in offices all around the world. 

We love to unlock value for our customers. Every single month, 300 million people use our platforms to easily, safely, and conveniently find their perfect home, buy or sell a car, find a great job, sell things they no longer need, or strike a great deal on something they need. And we help thousands of entrepreneurs and businesses find their customers too. 

We also unlock value within our company. We invest in ourselves and each other to reach our full potential. We avoid bureaucracy and empower our teams to innovate. Our commitment to inclusion ensures we listen to a diverse range of voices when making decisions. And, we combine the spirit and agility of a startup with our global scale and the backing of Prosus, one of the largest consumer internet groups in the world.

Last but not least, we unlock value for our stakeholders. We are proud of the positive contribution we make to our planet, by enabling more conscious consumption and helping the world make the most of its limited resources through more efficient trade. 

We are committed to our cause: shaping the future of trade to unlock the hidden value in everything."
Omaxe,3.9,(450 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 19 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With 117.63 million sq. ft. of delivered space in real estate and construction contracting, Omaxe is today one of India’s leading and trusted real estate companies. The brand ‘Omaxe’ was founded in 1987 by visionary first-generation entrepreneur & civil engineer Mr. Rohtas Goel to undertake construction and contracting business. Subsequently, the company diversified into real estate sector in 2001 and got listed on both stock exchanges (BSE and NSE) in 2007. 
In the last 32 years, staying true to its motto of ‘Turning Dreams into Reality’ and guided by its founding values of delivering quality and excellent real estate spaces, ensuring customer satisfaction and redefining lifestyle, Omaxe has delivered some landmark projects and engineering marvels, created a niche in both luxury and affordable segments and more importantly has brought smiles in the lives of millions of people.

Today, the company is present in 27 cities across 8 states namely Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan, Delhi, Himachal Pradesh and possesses a diversified product portfolio that includes Hi-Tech Townships, Integrated Townships, Group Housing, Shopping Malls, Office Spaces, SCOs and Hotel. It is currently undertaking 21 real estate projects – 5 Group Housing, 9 Townships, 7 Commercial Malls/office spaces/Hotels/ SCOs.
The company has also successfully blended business excellence with social commitment. The company through Omaxe Foundation takes up many CSR projects in the field of health, education, community development etc."
Samsung Research,3.4,(450 Reviews),Private,Seocho-gu + 7 more,54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Samsung Research is the advanced research and development (R&D) hub of Samsung Electronics’ *SET (End-products) Business which includes Consumer Electronics (CE) Division and IT & Mobile Communications (IM) Division. The hub leads the development of the future technologies with more than 10,000 researchers and developers working in overseas R&D centers.

Under the vision of “Shape the Future with Innovation and Intelligence” Samsung Research is actively conducting research and development (R&D) to identify new future growth areas and secure advanced technologies for its products to create new value and improve people’s lives.

The core research themes at Samsung Research include artificial intelligence (AI), data intelligence, robot, next-generation communications & visual technology, Tizen, and security. In particular, it is expanding its research scope to new promising fields to realize a new lifestyle based on AI technologies.

The hub is working in collaboration with 14 overseas R&D centers in 12 countries worldwide and 7 global AI centers to secure innovative technologies faster than anyone else and enhance its global R&D capacity. It is equally maximizing technological cooperation through active open innovation with distinguished universities, research institutes, and partner companies globally that have the world’s best technologies.

In addition, Samsung Research leads the R&D system innovation of Samsung Electronics’ various business fields, including TV, home appliance, and mobile, to enhance the synergistic effects of global R&D, standardize technologies, secure patents, and engage in open source activities, among others, with the aim of strengthening Samsung Electronics’ global technological leadership position.

Samsung Research promises to continue working hard to become a global top research institute that creates new values for the future through ceaseless innovation and intelligence."
GSK Pharmaceutic...,4.2,(450 Reviews),Middlesex + 75 more,193 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"As one of the world’s biggest manufacturers of large buses and coaches, Volvo Buses has a responsibility in society. We want to be part of shaping the future, based on our core values of quality of life, Safety and Environmental Care. We do it by driving our industry and society forward through innovative solutions that improve everyday life for people and entire cities, today and tomorrow."
Isuzu Motors,3.8,(450 Reviews),Private,Tokyo + 21 more,11 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"""ISUZU Motors, founded in 1916 in Japan, is one of the world’s leading automobile manufacturers with a dominant presence in commercial vehicle, utility vehicle and diesel engine segments. The company’s commitment to safety, reliability, engine durability and efficiency, along with the ability to develop market specific products makes it a global role model. This tradition continues in its Indian operations.

The ISUZU brand is also getting future-ready with renewed focus on product innovation, engineering excellence and customer support."""
Power Grid Corpo...,4.5,(449 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 126 more",34 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Power Grid Corporation of India Limited (POWERGRID, the 'Central Transmison Utility (CTU)'​ of the country and a 'Navratna'​ Company operating under Ministry of Power, is engaged in power transmission business with the responsibility for planning, implementation, operation and maintenance of inter-State transmission system and operation of National & Regional Power Grids. POWERGRID is a listed Company, with 57.90% holding of Government of India and balance by Institutional Investors & public. Power Grid Corporation of India limited (POWERGRID) was incorporated on October 23, 1989. POWERGRID started functioning on management basis with effect from August, 1991 and it took over transmission assets from NTPC, NHPC, NEEPCO and other Central/Joint Sector Organizations during 1992-93 in a phased manner. POWERGRID has been implementing various transmission projects for generation capacity addition under central sector, Ultra Mega Power Projects (UMPPs), Independent Power Producers (IPPs) and other projects. As on July 31, 2016, the Company owns & operates transmission network of about 1,31,728 ckm of transmission lines and 213 nos. of EHVAC & HVDC substations with transformation capacity of about 2,65,663 MVA."
Test Yantra Soft...,3.8,(449 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 12 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Test Yantra Software Solutions Ltd.(www.Testyantra.com), fastest growing Software Testing and Professional Services Organization. Established in the year 2007 and is headquartered at Bangalore, India, also has a global presence in geographies like UK, USA, MENA, and in Asia-Pacific. Test Yantra has close to about 1000+ software testing professionals working across various challenging projects on new technologies and domains. We offer expertise in QA, Automation & Testing services with capabilities in Selenium, Appium, QTP and Sauce Labs integration."
Innodata Isogen,3.0,(449 Reviews),Private,"New Jersey,New Jersey + 6 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Innodata Inc. was  formerly Innodata Isogen, Inc.

Innodata is a leading data engineering company. Prestigious companies across the globe turn to Innodata for help with their biggest data challenges. By combining advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence (ML/AI) technologies, a global workforce of over 3,000 subject matter experts, and a high-security infrastructure, we’re helping usher in the promise of digital data and ubiquitous AI."
Educomp Solution...,3.6,(448 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 107 more",29 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Educomp Solutions Limited, founded in 1994 is a globally diversified education solutions provider and the largest education company in India. 

Educomp Group reaches out to over 26,000 schools and 15 million learners and educators across the world.  

We have 27 offices worldwide including an office in Canada, 20 in India, two in Singapore, one in Sri Lanka, and three in the United States. In addition, the Company operates through its various subsidiaries including authorGEN, Threebrix eServices, Learning.com, USA, AsknLearn Pte Ltd, Singapore and via its associates such as Savvica in Canada.  

We are now India’s number one education company. For many years, we have been at the forefront of various pioneering initiatives in the e-education space.

Our mission is to reach out to 20 million learners through our products, services and solutions, as well as to be amongst the top 5 education companies worldwide, by the year 2012."
Bses Rajdhani Po...,3.8,(648 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 7 more",22 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),"BRPL distributes power to an area spread over 750 sq. km with a customer density of ~3100 per sq km. It's over ~2.4 million customers are spread in 21 districts across South and West areas including
Alaknanda, Dwarka, Hauz Khas, Jaffarpur, Janak Puri, Khanpur, Mundka, Najafgarh, Nangloi, Nehru Place, Nizamuddin, Palam, Punjabi Bagh, R.K. Puram, Saket, Sarita Vihar, Tagore Garden, Vasant Kunj, Vikas Puri, Uttam Nagar & Mohan Garden."
Knight Frank,4.2,(447 Reviews),Private,London + 34 more,127 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At Knight Frank we build long-term relationships, which allow us to provide personalised, clear and considered advice on all areas of property in all key markets. We believe taking a personal approach is crucial when interacting with our clients, as it gives us a detailed understanding of how we can connect them with the perfect property, be it residential or commercial.We believe that inspired teams naturally provide excellent and dedicated client service. Therefore, we’ve created a workplace where opinions are respected, everyone is invited to contribute to the success of our business and where excellence is rewarded. The result is that our people are more motivated, ensuring your experience with us is the best that it can be.Headquartered in London, we have more than 500 offices across 60 territories and more than 19,000 people. We operate in locations where our clients need us to be, we provide a worldwide service that’s locally expert and globally informed – one that allows us to connect people and property, perfectly."
Shilpa Medicare,3.6,(447 Reviews),Public,"Raichur,Karnataka + 21 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Shilpa Medicare has been on path of expansion ever since its inception in 1987. With a regulatory recognized manufacturing set up and excellent scientific expert team in place, Shilpa Medicare has since been on a steady growth path. Currently we are one of the leaders in the Oncology market and offer a complete range of products in this segment spanning across APIs, formulations both in terms of R&D and manufacturing capabilities. Further to consolidation in field of oncology API and formulations, we are striving to put in our efforts in field of novel drug delivery systems and biotech products along with widening our focus to other therapy areas. Where we are today has been the result of our constant endeavors for more than two decades. We are proud to share our journey from being a small start-up to a well-recognized establishment"
More Supermarket...,3.9,(447 Reviews),Mumbai + 81 more,16 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"More Retail Limited (Formerly Aditya Birla Retail Limited) is a leading food and grocery retailer in India. The company ventured into food and grocery retail in 2007 with the acquisition of Trinethra Super Retail and subsequently expanded its presence across the country under the brand “MORE”. 

MORE is a pioneer in organized food and grocery retail in India, being one of the earliest players with a significant store footprint across several states. MORE operates its stores under two formats - Supermarkets and Hypermarkets. As on 6th Jan 2020, we operate 607 Supermarkets and 21 Hypermarkets across Karnataka, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Tamilnadu, Kerala, NCR, Punjab, West Bengal & Maharashtra."
Ihg Group,4.2,(885 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 33 more",20 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"IHG® is one of the world’s leading hotel companies, with a promise to provide True Hospitality for everyone; making everyone feel welcome and cared for, recognised and respected, whoever and wherever they are in the world. 

We franchise, lease, manage or own nearly 5,800 hotels and approximately 865,000 guest rooms in more than 100 countries, with over 1,900 hotels in its development pipeline. IHG also manages IHG® Rewards Club, our global loyalty programme, which has more than 100 million enrolled members.   

Our brands are well-known and loved the world over - Six Senses Hotels Resorts Spas, Regent Hotels & Resorts, InterContinental® Hotels & Resorts, Kimpton® Hotels & Restaurants, Hotel Indigo®, EVEN® Hotels, HUALUXE® Hotels and Resorts, Crowne Plaza® Hotels & Resorts, voco™, Holiday Inn® Hotels & Resorts, Holiday Inn Express®, Holiday Inn Club Vacations®, avid™ hotels, Staybridge Suites®, Atwell Suites™ and Candlewood Suites®. 

Whether you’re staying in one of our hotels, investing in our brands and business, or looking to join our world-class team, head to the links below to find what you need."
Bioclinica,3.1,(446 Reviews),Private,"Princeton,New Jersey + 5 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bioclinica is the leader in scientifically-driven services and technology-enabled solutions in clinical research. 

Clinical trials are complex, and traditional approaches are either monolithic or fragmented. Successful trials require an ability to see key details and uncover hidden insights. Employing our scientifically-driven and technology-enabled approach, Bioclinica brings CLARITY to clinical trials for better decisions. With such clarity comes the insight to help trial sponsors and Clinical Research Organizations (CROs) develop new life-improving therapies more efficiently and safely ─ and with improved quality outcomes. 

Our scientific, medical, technology and domain expertise is unmatched and spans all major therapeutic areas ─ and the full trial lifecycle, from study protocol, to post-approval.  Key offerings include: Medical imaging; Cardiac Safety; Clinical Adjudication; Randomization & Trial Supply Management and Optimization; Electronic and eSource Data Capture; Site Payments and Forecasting; Pharmacovigilance; Trial Management; and Risk-based Monitoring. 

Bioclinica and our thousands of employees serve more than 400 pharmaceutical, biotechnology and device organizations – including all of the top 20 biopharmaceutical companies and leading CROs – through a network of offices in the U.S., Europe, and Asia.  Learn more about our complete offerings, detail-focused service, and flexible models tailored to your business needs at www.Bioclinica.com."
Ebix Software In...,3.4,(446 Reviews),Public,"Atlanta,Georgia + 28 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A long history of designing innovative solutions has earmarked an era of excellence in the history of Ebix. It is committed in its endeavor to answer the ever-increasing needs of Insurance organizations all over the world.Ebix is a leading international supplier of on-demand infrastructure exchanges to the insurance, financial, and healthcare industries. In the Insurance sector, the Company’s main focus is to develop and deploy a wide variety of insurance and reinsurance exchanges on an on-demand basis, while also, providing Software-as-a-Service (""SaaS"") enterprise solutions in the area of CRM, front-end & back-end systems, outsourced administrative and risk compliance."
Adani Solar,4.0,(446 Reviews),Public,Ahmedabad + 25 more,8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Adani Solar is the Solar PV manufacturing and EPC arm of Adani Group, a USD 13 billion Indian conglomerate with interests spanning across Resources, Logistics, Energy and Agri among others. Our presence in the solar manufacturing sector has not just contributed to India’s climate goals but bolstered its vision towards embracing a healthier energy mix.

We are India's largest Solar PV cell and modules manufacturer with capacity of 1.2 GW at Mundra, Gujarat in India. The state-of-the-art manufacturing􀀌facility with multi-level infrastructure is optimised for scaling up to 3 GW of modules and cells under one roof.

Adani Solar is India’s first and largest vertically integrated solar company that offers services across the spectrum of photovoltaics manufacturing. The company offers and produces high efficiency Multi, Mono PERC and Bifacial modules with superior efficiency, higher performance and enhanced reliability."
ICA Edu Skills,3.8,(446 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 89 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ICA Edu Skills began its journey in 1999 with a vision to train the job-focused youth in India and make them employable at affordable fees. As the industry demands ‘skilled manpower’, we too, expanded our horizon to not just provide practical training to our students but also support them with placement at top companies and MNCs.Today ICA is recognized as the best training institute in India to have shaped millions of careers and changed peoples’ perception about Accounts, Finance, and Tax Education.ICA takes pride in contributing to India’s skill development initiatives – not only as an independent set-up but also as a training partner for multiple educational brands and government projects."
GE Healthcare,4.2,(445 Reviews),Private,Chicago + 22 more,29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"As a leading global medical technology and life sciences company, we provide a broad portfolio of products, solutions and services used in the diagnosis, treatment and monitoring of patients and in the development and manufacture of biopharmaceuticals.
We help improve outcomes for healthcare providers and for therapy innovators around the world. This means increased capacity, improved productivity and better patient outcomes.
We also aim to support our customers in the pursuit of precision health: health care that is integrated, highly personalized to each patient’s needs and that reduces waste and inefficiency.
We embrace a culture of respect, transparency, integrity and diversity."
SoftAge Informat...,4.1,(445 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 125 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SoftAge Information Technology Limited is a prestigious leader in the digital landscape dedicated to digitize, store and manage the valuable assets of your organization-the information. Our forte lies in offering Document Management Solutions, KYC Management, Physical Verification, E-Governance, Warehouse Management and Secure Shredding. We strive to simplify the process of information transition from paper to digital. We safeguard the organization’s valuable information to eradicate pitfalls from the business processes. A smart and proactive approach towards documentation helps to attain better ROI and foster productivity."
H.G. Infra Engin...,4.3,(445 Reviews),Public,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 49 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"H.G. Infra Engineering Limited (HGIEL) is an ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2004,OHSAS certified construction company engaged primarily in execution of infrastructure sector projects like highways, roads & bridges. Military Engineering Services(MES). The company also executes other civil construction projects like extension & grading of runways, railways & land development. The company has diversified into water pipeline projects also in last few years. HGIEL was founded on 8 June, 2017 (Erstwhile known as HGIEPL which was incorporated in 2003 by our founder promoter Mr. Hodal Singh who has more than 40 years of experience in the construction sector. We are registered as grade 'AA' Class contractor with PWD, Rajasthan & 'SS' Category with Military Engineering Services(MES)."
Lumina Datamatic...,3.7,(444 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",48 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Lumina Datamatics is a trusted partner in providing Content Services, Retail Support Services, and Technology Solutions to several global companies in the Publishing and Retail industries worldwide. We are amongst the largest service providers in this space and our customers include 8 of the 10 largest Publishers & 3 of the 5 largest Retailers / marketplaces.

As a strategic partner, Lumina Datamatics helps its clients improve their business competitiveness and achieve operational efficiencies. The benefits delivered by its relevant solutions include reduced time to market for new products and services, optimized business processes, as well as relevant reader and buyer insights.

For Publishers, Lumina Datamatics manages end-to-end publishing processes – from content creation to product delivery. We also generate pertinent feedback from readers and buyers. Lumina Datamatics offers a wide range of game-changing content and technology solutions & services that enable publishers to adapt to the digital revolution. Through our customized solutions, we have been able to keep pace with the ever changing demands of the publishing industry.

For Retailers, Lumina Datamatics provides a competitive edge to increase sales through advanced content solutions, business intelligence, and Retail technology platforms. We help global marketers & merchandisers tell brand stories by leveraging the power of content and analytical solutions. Lumina Datamatics provides the end-to-end product content transformation services by leveraging the power of content and technology to help Retailers gain an edge over others and drive growth.

Our solutions and services for Publishers and Retailers are supported with the combination of domain expertise and innovative application of smart technologies and platforms.

Lumina Datamatics has a headcount of 2800+ qualified professionals spread across USA, Germany, and India, which enables us a global footprint to service our customers spread across four continents—Americas, Asia, Australia and Europe."
ACTE,4.8,(444 Reviews),"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 8 more",12 years old,1-10 Employees (India),N/A,"ACTE is one among India’s leading software training institutes. we tend to partner with IT firms and people to deal with their distinctive wants, providing coaching and training that helps operating professionals reach their career goals."
AuthBridge Resea...,3.6,(443 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 12 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Our story begins in 2005, when global organisations were looking at India to outsource their processes. These organisations needed to ensure that the employees hired in India had personal and professional credibility as they were going to be exposed to sensitive information and data. The risk in working with unverified employees was huge and our founding team was quick to realize that. Thus, began our background screening and risk management services."
FIITJEE,3.7,(443 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 42 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"FIITJEE is a leading education company and the most powerful brand in supplementary education in India with Pan India & International presence, having more than 60 centers globally. FIITJEE is growing at an enviable growth rate and is a true corporate entity in its segment. FIITJEE is the No. 1 player in the market for supplementary education space & Test Preparation for IIT-JEE/ other Engineering entrance examinations. FIITJEE endeavors to command a leadership position in the formal education space and plans to become the most valuable Education Enterprise by 2030. The group has extensive plans to establish a chain of Schools, Engineering, and Medical colleges across India in the near future.

FIITJEE has been instrumental and pioneering in adopting the best technology to train & teach students in their conquest to achieve success in engineering entrance exams. eCult is a technology intervention in the same direction which enables students to pursue learning & development and complete assignments at FIITJEE. This training methodology will also trace the students' performance and assessment which will help them in achieving greater success.

We have the pleasure of introducing ourselves as FIITJEE Ltd., a leading education company and the most powerful brand in supplementary education in India, with a Pan India & International presence. FIITJEE (Forum for IIT-JEE) was created in 1992. We have more than 82+ centers across India and 2 centers in Qatar and Bahrain. Our HQ is in Delhi. We are growing at an enviable growth rate and are a true corporate entity in its segment. We are the No. 1 player in the market for intensive preparation for IIT-JEE/ other Engineering entrance examinations, Olympiads, and Scholastic examinations KVPY, NTSE, etc. We endeavor to command a leadership position in the formal education space and plan to become the most valuable Education Enterprise by 2030. We have extensive plans to establish a chain of Schools, Engineering, and Medical colleges across India in the near future.

Our mission is to provide wholesome school education to students through FIITJEE Integrated School Programs like a) PINNACLE b) SUPREME & c) UDAYA Plus, in a way such that there is no need for any type of coaching outside of the school system.
In addition to the launch of FIITJEE Junior colleges in Hyderabad & FIITJEE Global School at Chennai & Vellore, many like-minded schools across the country joined hands with us in this student-centric endeavor to create an Ideal School Education platform for students to get admission in IITs without stress & tension along with huge success in Olympiads, KVPY. And it was this faith only that again enabled us to create landmark success in NTSE.
Today, FIITJEE is the most powerful brand in serious education, and this journey from just an IIT-JEE coaching institute, to the most powerful brand, has been exhilarating. However, the journey is not over yet. For us at FIITJEE, the journey will never be over... For us, this journey itself is the destination. The launch of FIITJEE World Schools at Hyderabad is a concentrated effort in that direction, where students will be trained for the best in the world through methodologies and practices that are truly world-class.

India Today, one of the leading magazines of the country conducted a detailed survey on the ranking of coaching centers. As it was the first time, they considered only three major sectors for this year's survey- medical, engineering, and management. This survey has ranked FIITJEE as the number one coaching institute for Engineering Entrance Exam.

For more insights about FIITJEE LTD., please visit www.fiitjee.com and www.mypat.in"
Biba Apparels,4.0,(443 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 67 more,37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"BIBA Apparels Private Limited (""BIBA""), the Indian fashion giant, stands true to its name. The brand has been dressing and embellishing demure maidens from every corner of India since 1986. Contemporary ethnic fashion at an affordable price is BIBA's commitment to fashion enthusiasts, offering ladies' churidars and dupatta sets in cotton, in shades of every color, and with irresistible color combinations and patterns. Mix-and-match kurta pieces from BIBA are available in different lengths, so you can experience the joys of traditional Indian wear regardless of your body type.
The word ""BIBA"" is a Punjabi endearment for a young and pretty girl. It implies sublime qualities, compelling Mrs. Meena Bindra, the founder of BIBA, to use the name for the line of salwar kameez, and dupattas that she launched in 1986. What began as a fashionable and affordable line remains the brand's ethos today: fashion at an affordable price. In time, new range collections were introduced. Today, the mix-and-match range has a very contemporary sensibility, and the salwar-kameez range is very ethnic, defined by an Indian crafted look, hand-block prints, and vegetable dyes. Indian handlooms with traditional embroideries and other techniques are applied in producing the garments. Unstitched suits and a festive collection for two-to-12-year-old girls cater to the full demands of a woman."
Zydus Wellness,3.0,(443 Reviews),Public,Ahmedabad + 60 more,35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1988, Zydus Wellness Ltd. is a leading consumer wellness company with an Indian heritage and a global footprint. We believe, a healthy lifestyle is not just about being active but also about feeling good from within. So, we approach health and wellness in a holistic manner. We nourish, nurture and energize millions of lives by offering a variety of innovative, industry-leading products.

With over 30 years of operational excellence, we have seven leading brands in our portfolio, namely Complan, Sugar-Free, Glucon-D, Everyuth, Nycil, Sugarlite, and Nutralite. Headquartered in Ahmedabad and Mumbai, we have 5 manufacturing facilities across 4 locations - Aligarh, Sitarganj, Ahmedabad, and Sikkim. We also have 8 co-packing facilities in India, Oman, and New Zealand. 

Our core pillars -manufacturing integrity, supply chain efficiency, and product innovation, form the basis of the legacy we’ve built over the last few decades. Today the Zydus Wellness business spans over 20 countries and 3 continents."
Collins Aerospa...,3.9,(543 Reviews),Private,"Charlotte,North Carolina + 3 more",5 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Collins Aerospace, a unit of United Technologies Corp. (NYSE: UTX), is a leader in technologically advanced and intelligent solutions for the global aerospace and defense industry. Created in 2018 by bringing together UTC Aerospace Systems and Rockwell Collins, Collins Aerospace has the capabilities, comprehensive portfolio and expertise to solve customers' toughest challenges and to meet the demands of a rapidly evolving global market."
VA Tech Wabag,4.0,(442 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 36 more",99 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"WABAG’s water saga spans over ninety years, making it an industry leader today in the field of total water management. With presence in four continents, WABAG is a pure-play water technology multinational offering a wide range of solutions focused on conservation, optimisation, recycling and reuse of resources, directed at addressing water challenges across the world."
Indo Autotech,4.0,(442 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 21 more",49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are manufacturers and suppliers of precision sheet metal components, tubular parts and assemblies used in Automobile Industry."
Wipro Infrastruc...,3.9,(442 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 28 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Wipro Infrastructure Engineering is a diverse industrial engineering business with expertise spanning over Hydraulics, Aerospace, Water treatment, Additive manufacturing and Automation Solutions.The Hydraulics business with over 40 years of experience and 10 state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities and cross-continental geographic presence across India, Europe, USA and Brazil specializes in designing and manufacturing custom-built Hydraulic Cylinders (Double Acting, Single Acting and Telescopic Cylinders) and Actuators that find application in diverse segments such as Construction & Earthmoving, Material & Cargo Handling, Forestry, Farm & Agriculture, Mining and Truck Tipping. Wipro Water offers end-to-end solutions in water and wastewater treatment for industrial applications. Wipro Aerospace with manufacturing facilities in India, Israel and USA supplies Actuators, Aerostructure components and Assemblies to major Global OEMs for Aerospace applications.Wipro 3D is a leading provider of Additive Manufacturing services. WIN Automation is an end-to-end system integrator of Industrial Automation Solutions that enable companies in the manufacturing sector to be automated, digitized and smart.Global workforce of over 2,300 have helped expand our capabilities and remain closer to our customers."
Svatantra Microf...,4.3,(442 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 170 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Svatantra is a next-gen micro finance entity offering differential banking solutions. At Svatantra, we constantly leverage technological innovation in order to bank the unbanked. Our aim is to encourage entrepreneurship where traditional banking systems cannot penetrate. We achieve this through a holistic financial and non-financial offering, with micro-credit being the main focus. The organisation is based on the tenets of entrepreneurship, transparency, and disruption through innovation. We were honoured to be the first microfinance institution to receive the Non-Banking Financial Company – Microfinance Institution (NBFC-MFI) license from the Reserve Bank of India. Also, rated A+ (CRISIL) and graded M1 (ICRA) company. Innovation and technological advancements are emphasised on in order to integrate, optimise and differentiate core business processes as well as to distinguish product lines. We pioneered 100% cashless disbursements since the beginning. Our indigenous App “SAATHI” has been recognised by The Economic Times BFSI Innovation Tribe Summit & Awards 2020 for being one of the most innovative initiative in the micro finance segment."
T.v. Sundram Iye...,4.0,(13.2k Reviews),"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 73 more",112 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"T V Sundram Iyengar & Sons Limited, established in 1911, is the parent company of the TVS Group and is a leading automobile distribution company in IndiaTVS & Sons distributes Commercial Vehicles, Multi Utility & Sports Utility vehicles, three wheelers, passenger cars representing various leading automobile vehicle manufacturers such as Ashok Leyland, Mahindra & Mahindra, Mahindra Navistar, Mercedez-Benz, General Motors, Honda, Renault, Volkswagen and off highway equipment manufactured by Escorts, JLG, Ingersoll Rand, Pal Finger & Leyland Deere. The company has more than 150 outlets and sells around 60,000 vehicles and services more than 600,000 vehicles per annum being the leading automobile distribution company in India. We have nine retail fuel outlets in Tamil Nadu representing Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd."
Nityo Infotech,3.4,(441 Reviews),Private,Plainsboro New Jersey + 23 more,17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in 2006, Nityo Infotech Corporation is the fastest growing IT services company. The company has presence in 23 Countries, 27 locations with more than 12500+ employees. We have our headquarters in the United States of America. Our operations span over 20 countries with 27 physical offices across the Globe including US, Europe and Asia Pacific. New Jersey HQ, S-Corporation.

Nityo Infotech aims to be the most preferred Business Partner of all Technology Providers and IT companies globally , by ensuring that solutions are implemented in the shortest possible span of time resulting in on time delivery with optimum quality enabling our customers to find the best resources helping them achieve their CORE BUSINESS OBJECTIVES. This is planned to be achieved by establishing associations with the global leaders in technology.

Nityo Infotech aims to be the most preferred Business Partner of all Technology Providers and IT companies globally , by ensuring that solutions are implemented in the shortest possible span of time resulting in on time delivery with optimum quality enabling our customers to find the best resources helping them achieve their CORE BUSINESS OBJECTIVES. This is planned to be achieved by establishing associations with the global leaders in technology."
Sharda Motor Ind...,3.9,(440 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 20 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sharda Motor is the market leader in manufacturing of Exhaust System, Catalytic Converter, Independent Suspension, Seat Frames, Seat Covers (Two Wheelers & Four Wheelers), Soft Top Canopies, and Pressed part- White goods products.
Sharda Motor believes to satisfy all their customers and those who use their products and services by meeting their needs promptly and accurately by maintaining the highest quality standards. They provide equal opportunity for development, advancement and growth. Sharda Motor has state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities with continuous focus on new product, innovation and technology upgradation, research and development.We strive to provide a world class value proposition to all customers we serve & give long term growth opportunities to our employees, shareholders & all other stakeholders."
RAMTeCH Software...,3.8,(440 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 26 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"“Enabling Excellence.” It’s not just a fancy tagline, but what we have set to accomplish for our clients every day for more than 25 years.

As a global leader specializing in Spatial Enterprise Solutions, Engineering Services, and Energy Data Management, we have developed and implemented solutions that drive better operational performance, reduce risk, increase functional capabilities and position our customers for long-term success.

Our commitment to enabling excellence has brought transformational results to the utilities, telecommunications, oil and gas and government sectors on a global scale."
Skipper,3.7,(440 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 42 more",42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1981, Skipper Ltd. has today evolved into one of the world's leading manufacturers for Transmission & Distribution Structures (Towers & Poles) in it's Engineering Products segment, a leading and respected brand in the Plastic Water Pipes sector as well as trusted partner for executing critical Infrastructure EPC projects. Skipper's market reach spans across 20 countries around the globe from South America, Europe, Africa, the Middle East, South and Southeast Asia and Australia. Within India, we are a preferred manufacturer of choice for our customers pan India, from J&K to Tamil Nadu and from North East India to Gujarat.
Skipper Limited is one of the world's largest Integrated Transmission Tower manufacturing companies with Angle Rolling, Tower, Accessories & Fastener manufacturing and EPC line construction. Our manufacturing capacity is the largest in India and among the top 10 in the world. Skipper Limited is a national powerhouse in the Polymer Pipe business. Under the brand name of ‘Skipper’, the company manufactures huge range of premium quality pipes and fittings, which are used in different areas such as Plumbing, Sewage, Agriculture and Borewell sectors. Additionally, it is IT enabled and a number of operations are carried out on various ERP platforms. We are fast evolving from an Eastern region to a National Brand.
Our Integrated manufacturing units, Focussed Management and Committed Production & Quality teams make us the no. 1 choice for all our customers across Products and Sectors."
Raychem RPG,4.2,(439 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 21 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),Raychem RPG is involved in technologies strengthening the infrastructure segments of economy under following Strategic Business Units (SBU).
KFintech,3.7,(439 Reviews),Hyderabad + 25 more,6 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"KFin Technologies Private Limited is the largest registrar and transfer agency and a market leader in the financial sector providing investor servicing. Our operations are spread across 200+ branches in India and 2 countries globally, namely Malaysia and Bahrain. With 90 million key investor accounts, we reach out to 1300 issuers including banks, PSUs and mutual funds. All this is possible with a diverse and robust workforce of 5,300+ experienced professionals who hail from various disciplines.

KFintech is the first organisation of its kind, to achieve the distinction of an ISO 9002 certification, which has now migrated to ISO 9001:2015 standards for quality management systems, certified by DNV.

Servicing over 90 million investors, and over one lakh transactions daily, KFintech has managed the two largest migrations in the mutual fund space, as well as corporate registry involving over 15 million investors."
CreditAccess Gra...,4.4,(439 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 129 more",24 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"CreditAccess Grameen Limited is a leading Indian micro-finance institution headquartered in Bangalore, focused on providing micro-loans to women customers predominantly in Rural Areas in India.

CreditAccess Grameen began its journey in a small village in Karnataka in 1999. It has followed a strategy of a contiguous district-based expansion across regions and, as of September 30,2019 it covered 213 districts in the thirteen states (Karnataka, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, Kerala, Goa, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Jharkhand, Bihar and Uttar Pradesh) and one union territory (Puducherry) in India through 887 branches and 7119 loan officers."
General Motors,4.3,(656 Reviews),Private,"Detroit,Michigan + 27 more",27 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We envision a future of zero crashes, zero emissions and zero congestion, and we have committed ourselves to leading the way toward this future.General Motors has been pushing the limits of transportation and technology for over 100 years. Today, we are in the midst of a transportation revolution. And we have the ambition, the talent and the technology to realize the safer, better and more sustainable world we want.As an open, inclusive company, we’re also creating an environment where everyone feels welcomed and valued for who they are. One team, where all ideas are considered and heard, where everyone can contribute to their fullest potential, with a culture based in respect, integrity, accountability and equality.Our team brings wide-ranging perspectives and experiences to solving the complex transportation challenges of today and tomorrow."
Uttam Galva Stee...,4.0,(438 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 18 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1885, Uttam Group is now one of the largest integrated steel manufacturing company in western India and produces Hot Rolled, Cold Rolled, Galvanized and colour coated products in the form of coil, sheets and plates.. The Company's manufacturing facilities are located at Khopoli, strategically located near to Nhava Sheva, Mumbai ports and another at Wardha which is about 60 KM from Nagpur. The Group’s current turnover is around Rs.15, 0000 Crs. and has ambitious growth plans to augment its production capacity and venture into value added products. The Group currently exports more than 50% of its products to around 130 countries across the world. The Group Company has been awarded highest exporter award by the “Engineering Export Promotion Council” the (EEPC) of India for the past consecutive 18 years"
Amway India Ente...,4.2,(438 Reviews),Private,"Ada Township,Michigan + 72 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Amway is the world’s No. 1 direct selling company with the presence in over 100 countries & territories. Globally, Amway is 60 years old, USD 8.4 billion, manufacturer and direct seller of high-quality consumer goods. Amway’s innovation and industry-leading R&D has seen more than 780 patents granted and another 220+ patents pending. Amway has nearly 500 scientists, engineers, and technical professionals who extend the innovation and science capabilities through 11 locations to deliver global, regional, and local product research and development.

Amway India is a wholly owned subsidiary of Amway with headquarters located in Ada, Michigan, USA. Amway India offers Indian citizens an unparalleled opportunity to own and operate their own business by selling over 140 high quality consumer products. 

Established in 1995, Amway India commenced commercial operations in May 1998 and has emerged as the largest Direct Selling FMCG Company. 

Amway has invested, directly or indirectly, in excess of INR 1000 crores in India. This includes INR 600 crores invested in setting up Amway’s first manufacturing facility in India located in Nilakottai in the Dindigul district of Tamil Nadu, India is one of two key global manufacturing hubs for Amway, along with China, in addition to the company’s U.S.-based manufacturing operations. 

Amway India has nationwide presence with over 25 warehouses catering to over 8000 zip codes.

Amway India is a member of leading industry organizations including FICCI, CII, AMCHAM, USIBC and IDSA."
Quikr,3.8,(547 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 22 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Quikr is all about you - Our aim is to empower every person in the country to independently connect with buyers and sellers online. Brainchild of Pranay Chulet, Quikr is widely known as India’s no. 1 online classifieds platform - and there’s a reason behind that. We care about you - and the transactions that bring you closer to your dreams. Want to buy your first car? We’re here for you. Want to sell commercial property to buy a home for your family? We’re here for you. Whatever job you’ve got, we promise to get it done.Founded in 2008 and headquartered in Bangalore, Quikr has left a memorable footprint in over 1000 cities. And we continue to work towards building the future of trading and e-commerce."
Aditya Birla Fin...,4.0,(437 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 81 more",11 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Aditya Birla Capital Limited (ABCL) is the holding company for the financial services businesses of the Aditya Birla Group.

Formerly known as Aditya Birla Financial Services Limited, ABCL’s subsidiaries have a strong presence across Protecting, Investing and Financing solutions, ABCL is a universal financial solutions group catering to diverse needs of its customers across their life stages.

Powered by more than 18,000 employees, the subsidiaries of ABCL have a nationwide reach with 850+ branches and more than 2,00,000 agents / channel partners and several bank partners.

As of June 30th, 2019, Aditya Birla Capital Limited manages aggregate assets worth Rs. 3000 plus billion and has a consolidated lending book of over Rs. 619 billion, through its subsidiaries and joint ventures.

Aditya Birla Capital Limited is a part of the Aditya Birla Group, a US$ 48.3 billion Indian multinational, in the league of Fortune 500. Anchored by an extraordinary force of over 120,000 employees, belonging to 42 nationalities, the Aditya Birla Group operates in 34 countries across the globe."
Saud Bahwan Grou...,3.4,(436 Reviews),Private,Muscat + 16 more,48 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Saud Bahwan Group plays a humble role in the nation’s economic life by introducing world-class brands into Oman.

The Group has an established presence in fields like Automotive & Allied businesses, Heavy Vehicles, Construction Equipment, Turnkey Projects, Special Equipment, Municipal & Civic Services, Property & Real Estate and Travel & Tourism. Playing a humble role in nation building.

In the Automotive sector, the Group represents several automotive brands including Toyota and Lexus in Oman. Best Cars, the Group’s Pre-owned cars outlet is synonymous with reliable quality and value. In the tyres segment in Oman, Yokohama has become the tyre brand of choice for many.

The Group has also made its presence felt in the Heavy Vehicles segment as well as the Construction Equipment segment.The Saud Bahwan Group has also forayed into many infrastructure and other projects with renowned partners – such as the Sohar Refinery Project with JGC, Japan, Oman Waste Water Project with Sino Hydro, China, Oman Cement Company with IHI, Japan, Desalination Plant, Structural Steel System with MPEBS, UAE etc.

Equally noteworthy are the Group’s operations in sectors like Special Equipment and Municipal & Civic Services."
Amphenol Interco...,4.2,(436 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 7 more",51 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Amphenol is a leading Interconnect solution providing company with a product portfolio of connectors, accessories, cable assemblies and system integration for almost all the applications across various industries. With connectors conforming to almost all the Military and Industrial standards in US, Europe and Asia, Amphenol assumes the leadership in meeting the interconnect needs of Military, Aerospace, Industrial and Telecom market segments."
Alshaya Group,4.0,(436 Reviews),Private,"Kuwait City,Kuwait + 20 more",133 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"As a leading international franchise operator, with 90 of the world’s most recognized brands in its portfolio, Alshaya Group brings great shopping, dining, leisure and hospitality experiences to millions of customers across the Middle East & North Africa, Russia, Turkey, Europe and beyond.

Alshaya Group is a dynamic multinational business and family-owned enterprise with a consistent record of growth and innovation. For 35 years, Alshaya has been a pioneering force in brand franchising, using its exceptional knowledge and experience to expand at pace. Our portfolio of well-loved international brands includes Starbucks, H&M, Mothercare, Debenhams, American Eagle Outfitters, P.F. Chang’s, The Cheesecake Factory, The Body Shop, M.A.C, Victoria’s Secret, Boots, Pottery Barn, KidZania and, coming soon, Hampton by Hilton.

From one retail franchise store opened in Kuwait in 1983, Alshaya Group has consistently grown and diversified, and today offers customers an unparalleled choice of brands across multiple sectors; Fashion & Footwear, Health & Beauty, Food, Optics, Pharmacy, Home Furnishings, Leisure & Entertainment, and Hotels. A diverse, skilled team of 60,000 people from over 120 nationalities support more than 4,300 stores, cafes, restaurants and leisure destinations, a growing online business and a commitment to delivering great customer experiences."
Bitwise Solution...,4.5,(436 Reviews),Private,"Schaumburg,Chicago + 1 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Bitwise delivers technology solutions that leverage data to enable business insights. By deploying our breakthrough technology innovations we help our global clients maximize their competitive advantage. We are the industry’s most experienced and dedicated team of data professionals, optimizing value for our clients through our global delivery model and with our proprietary technology tools that reduce the time, complexity and cost of data initiatives. Together, our people and technology provide the insights clients need to continue to lead in their fields."
T-Systems,4.1,(435 Reviews),Public,Frankfurt + 5 more,7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With around 28,000 employees worldwide and annual revenues of EUR 4.2 billion (2020), T-Systems is one of the leading providers of digital services. T-Systems offers integrated end-to-end IT solutions, driving the digital transformation of companies in all industries and the public sector.
Focus industries include automotive, manufacturing, logistics, and transportation, as well as healthcare and the public sector. T-Systems develops vertical, company-specific software solutions for these sectors."
Lea Associates S...,4.3,(435 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 91 more",30 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"LEA ASSOCIATES SOUTH ASIA PRIVATE LIMITED is a company based out of B 1/E-27, IIND FLOOR, MOHAN CO-OPERATIVE INDUSTRIAL ESTATE, MATHURA ROAD NEW, DELHI, Delhi, India."
Government of In...,4.1,(3.1k Reviews),Govt Organisation,New Delhi + 109 more,73 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Modelled after the Westminster system for governing the state, the union government is mainly composed of the executive, the legislature, and the judiciary, in which all powers are vested by the constitution in the prime minister, parliament and the supreme court. The president of India is the head of state and the commander-in-chief of the Indian Armed Forces whilst the elected prime minister acts as the head of the executive, and is responsible for running the union government. The parliament is bicameral in nature, with the Lok Sabha being the lower house, and the Rajya Sabha the upper house. The judiciary systematically contains an apex supreme court, 24 high courts, and several district courts, all inferior to the supreme court.

The basic civil and criminal laws governing the citizens of India are set down in major parliamentary legislation, such as the civil procedure code, the penal code, and the criminal procedure code. Similar to the union government, individual state governments each consist of executive, legislative and judiciary. The legal system as applicable to the union and individual state governments is based on the English Common and Statutory Law. The full name of the country is the Republic of India. India and Bharat are equally official short names for the Republic of India in the Constitution, and both names appears on legal banknotes, in treaties and in legal cases. The terms ""union government"", ""central government"" and ""Bharat Sarkar"" are often used officially and unofficially to refer to the Government of India."
Epicenter Techno...,3.6,(434 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 5 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Epicenter is a leading provider of Business Process Management Solution’s, founded in the year 2000 and began its operations in 2001. It is a part of the USD 2.4 Billion Kalyani Group, a leading industrial house in India and among the largest and technologically most advanced manufacturers of Forged & Machined components in the world.
We operate out of a brand new state of the art facility in India with a capacity of 750 physical seats that can support 2000+ FTE’s. All the seats are fully equipped to support voice as well as data services. We have an office in the US from where we manage connectivity and logistics within North America.
Epicenter has Core Competence in processes like Customer Service, Collections, Sales, Transaction Processing, Data processing, Chat and E-mail support. Epicenter provides best-in-class call center operations that reflect the ""Client Standard"" in terms of high quality customer service while minimizing cost through efficient management of processes, procedures and technological infrastructure. We provide a solution that allows scalability without compromising on quality. We ensure a seamless transition of work from the client to Epicenter.
We pride ourselves on being the ‘First ITES Organization in India’ to have Integrated Management System - PAS 99 (ISO 9001 - Quality Management system and ISO 27001 -Information Security Management System).
We are also amongst the first BPO’s in India to achieve Payment Card Industry (PCI) Compliance for our facility."
Accel Frontline,3.8,(434 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 57 more",32 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Inspirisys enables enterprises to re-imagine their businesses for the ever-changing digital world. Established in 1991, we are a leading information technology services and consulting company in India along with having a global footprint across North America, Middle East, UK, Japan, and Singapore markets.

Our belief in constant technological evolution in this ever-changing digital landscape and our long lasting relationships with our customers makes us a trusted and preferred business partner in many of our clients’ digital transformation. We offer an integrated portfolio of world-class solutions & services across Infrastructure, IoT, Enterprise Security, Cloud & Mobility and Product Engineering & Development to Industry Verticals like BFSI, Telecom, Government / PSU, Manufacturing, and Healthcare. We also provide IT training through our subsidiary – Inspirisys Solutions IT Resources Limited.

We empower top global enterprises across myriad verticals by helping them drive business-enabled IT initiatives with our end-to-end provisioning of IT services combined with the latest digital technology. Being a part of larger conglomerate – CAC Holdings Corporation has provided Inspirisys with a great platform to be a co-innovator to global businesses to facilitate their digital transformation."
ZUVENTUS HEALTHC...,4.0,(434 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 55 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Any company which has frayed into the top league within a shortest speed of time is a force which even the giants have to reckon with.
Today Zuventus is ranked 9th in the Directly Covered market and overall ranked 26th amongst the leading pharmaceutical companies and is admired and revered by its contemporaries.(AIOCD-AWACS MAT MAR 19)"
Echobooom Manage...,3.9,(453 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 18 more",3 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Echobooom is one of the leading Management & Entrepreneurial solutions providers offering opportunities in getting young aspirants ready for the corporate groove!

We allow a chance to think and deep-dive further into your preferred field. We also provide access to better opportunities that you deserve by building on your capabilities.
We are trusted partners for providing videography/photography services, training and development interventions and management consulting services for improving the business outcomes of different enterprises."
Vivanta by Taj,4.2,(432 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 35 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Vivanta is an Indian hotel chain established in September 2010. The brand is a part of the Indian Hotels Company Limited, a subsidiary of the TATA GroupVivanta represents a collection of sophisticated upscale hotels. The brand, promises to deliver experiences that are dynamic, spirited and unique with a dash of uniqueness and an unexpected twist – a perfect fit for contemporary travellers."
Sandhar Technolo...,3.9,(431 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 20 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Sandhar, we focus on customer centric components, mainly catering to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM). With a unique motto of ‘Growth. Motivation. Better Life.’ we are committed to empower the lives of our employees to live better, increase their efficiency, and promote manufacturing of innovative products and solutions. Over the years, we have experienced a steady growth in our business in terms of product portfolio, manufacturing plants, clients we serve, and various other aspects that set us apart in the industry."
Vijaya Diagnosti...,4.0,(431 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 25 more",42 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in 1981 by Dr Surender Reddy, as the first of its kind centre to offer a comprehensive range of all diagnostic modalities under one roof, Vijaya has been the pioneer in diagnostic medicare, in Telangana, Andhra Pradesh and Haryana. Our commitment to quality and our philosophy of always putting the patient's interests first, has ensured that over the past years, Vijaya has established a reputation for excellence and reliability and has become a household name for quality diagnostic services"
Central Industri...,4.5,(429 Reviews),Govt Organisation,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 56 more",54 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"The CISF came into existence in 1969 with a modest beginning, having three battalions, to provide integrated security cover to the Public Sector Undertakings (PSUs) which, in those years, occupied the “commanding heights” of the economy. In a span of four decades, the Force has grown several folds to reach one lakh forty one thousand seven hundred and thirty five personnel today. With globalization and liberalization of the economy, CISF is no longer a PSU-centric organization. Instead, it has become a premier multi-skilled security agency of the country, mandated to provide security to major critical infrastructure installations of the country in diverse areas. CISF is currently providing security cover to nuclear installations, space establishments, airports, seaports, power plants, sensitive Government buildings and ever heritage monuments. Among the important responsibilities recently entrusted to the CISF are the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, VIP Security, Disaster Management and establishment of a Formed Police Unit (FPU) of the UN at Haiti.It is a testimony to the level of professional competence and standing acquired by the Force over the decades that its services are being sought for consultancy by the private sector also. Over the years, the CISF has provided Consultancy Services to more than 138 different organizations, including those in the private sector. After the Mumbai terrorist attack on November 2008, the mandate of the force has been broadened to provide direct security cover to private sector also. The CISF Act has been amended, heralding a new chapter in the glorious history of the Force.Adaptability and use of cutting edge technology have been the hallmark of the Force which has always confronted new security challenges successfully. In view of the prevailing security environment in the country and threat from trans-national terrorism, the Force continuously strives towards technological modernization and skills upgradation to build an edifice of dedicated service to the Nation. The CISF is being continuously modernized, both in terms of equipment and training. Having set very high professional standards with an impressive track record, the Force looks forward to a brighter tomorrow with pride and confidence."
Engineers India,4.3,(429 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 43 more",58 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Our VisionTo be a world-class globally competitive EPC and total solutions Consultancy Organisation.Our MissionAchieve ‘Customer Delight’ through innovative, cost effective and value added consulting and EPC services.To maximize creation of wealth, value and satisfaction for stakeholders with high standards of business ethics and aligned with national policies."
Deepak Fertilis...,3.8,(429 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 34 more",44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. (DFPCL) is among India’s leading producers of fertilisers and industrial chemicals. Set up in 1979 as an Ammonia manufacturer, DFPCL today is a publicly listed, multi-product Indian conglomerate with an annual turnover of over half a billion USD with a product portfolio spanning industrial chemicals, bulk and specialty fertilisers, farming diagnostics and solutions, technical ammonium nitrate and value added real estate, which includes India’s 1st & largest revolutionary concept retail destination for Home Interiors & Design.
The Company has manufacturing facilities in Taloja – Maharashtra, Srikakulam – A.P., Panipat – Haryana and Dahej – Gujrat. The Company has adopted some of the global state-of-the-art technologies that enable it to manufacture and supply high quality products that meet global standards.
DFPCL today is a name that spells quality and trust. It has established a prime position for itself over the last three and a half decades across Indian and global markets. Focused on growth, drawing synergies from its existing products and leveraging current strengths, DFPCL is augmenting it’s manufacturing capabilities to expand its product portfolio. DFPCL is directed towards shaping a successful growth trajectory in the dynamically changing world of business. It is building resilience to spearhead change through the swiftly transforming world economy."
Pratap Technocra...,4.0,(428 Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 78 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Pratap Technocrats established in 1998 spearheads the Telecom vertical of Pratap group of companies. The company has witnessed exponential growth since its inception, catapulting it to being one of the most trusted managed service partners in the telecom sector.We cater to major IP’s and Operators and have a PAN India presence covering 22 states, 16 Telecom Circles and own offices in all circles. We have a strong team force of 10K resources , in-house training center , Innovative technology support , Ready Infrastructure to support large scale projects and best in class penetration in rural and urban India."
Rico Auto Indust...,3.9,(428 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 19 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Rico is a world-class engineering company supplying a wide range of high precision fully machined aluminum and ferrous components and assemblies to automotive OEMs across the globe. Rico is continuously involved in many strategic Tie-ups with various global companies like Continental, Magna, FCC, JINFEI China. Rico’s consolidated group total turnover is over US$ 285 Million (Rs 1100 Crore)"
Electrotherm,4.2,(428 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 22 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Our team focused with a Customer First attitude believes technology should be right-sized, with the process designed to minimize waste and selected to enhance product performance. Electrotherm today is a Multi-divisional ISO: 9001:2015 certified global Company holding a 3,500,000 KW market share in the metal melting industry globally.
Engineering innovations for the global metal melting industry has been possible due to our focused 4500 employees with State-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. The major critical customized parts are manufactured in house under stringent quality control management and the finished products tested to withstand laid out quality parameters with Just-In-Time delivery management principle to prevent customer installation & operational cost overruns make achieving deadlines a reality. The real responsibility at Electrotherm is to care for your installed equipment work with a zero down time objective.
This principle of servicing our customers any time anywhere has made us a truly global company. We service the global markets around the world with specific focus upon Middle East, Turkey, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Africa, Far-East countries, Europe while catering to 58 countries around the world. Electrotherm commands more than 65% market share in induction melting equipment used by the steelmaking industry in India.
Electrotherm Steel has been producing quality steel products from its manufacturing unit in Kutch, Gujarat since 2004. ET TMT BARS has emerged as the most preferred & Leading TMT brand in Gujarat and commands a premium. Electrotherm Ductile Iron pipes is a result of our constant endeavour towards ensuring better quality of life. DI pipes developed by Electrotherm provide an excellent medium of transporting water keeping its quality intact. Currently, we are one of the leading manufacturers of DI Pipe in India.
Electrotherm is the first company in India to make battery operated two-wheelers in line with company’s commitment towards environment. 'No Engine No Pollution' is the philosophy behind it, and in order to promote green energy initiative of the nation, it established Renewable Energy division as well."
City Union Bank,3.4,(428 Reviews),Public,"Thanjavur,Tamil Nadu + 91 more",119 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"City Union Bank is an Indian bank. The Kumbakonam Bank Limited, as it was at first called, was incorporated as a limited company on 31 October 1904. The bank initially preferred the role of a regional bank in the Thanjavur District Tamil Nadu.City Union Bank has now a strong network of 496 computerized branches and 1292+ ATMs which is spread throughout India."
McDermott Intern...,4.3,(427 Reviews),Public,"Houston,Texas + 21 more",100 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"McDermott is a premier, fully-integrated provider of engineering and construction solutions to the energy industry. Our customers trust our technology-driven approach to design and build infrastructure solutions to responsibly transport and transform oil and gas into the products the world needs today. From concept to commissioning, our expertise and comprehensive solutions deliver certainty, innovation and added value to energy projects around the world. It is called the “One McDermott Way.”"
Marpu Foundation...,4.9,(427 Reviews),Hyderabad/Secunderabad + 12 more,11-50 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
GKN,4.1,(525 Reviews),Private,"Redditch,Worcestershire + 20 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GKN is a global engineering group. Every day around the world we drive the wheels of hundreds of millions of cars, we help thousands of aircraft to fly, we deliver the power to move earth and harvest crops, and we make essential components for industries that touch lives across the globe. 

We work at the cutting-edge of manufacturing, creating new technologies and innovative products for our global customers. 

Together we are over 58,000 people across more than 30 countries – a global engineering network with endless opportunities for people with the ability and drive to help us grow."
Rentokil Pest Co...,3.8,(426 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 86 more",69 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Rentokil PCI is the leading pest control service provider in India. A Rentokil Initial brand, Rentokil PCI was formed in 2017 through a joint venture (JV) between Pest Control India, the number one pest control company in India, and Rentokil, the world’s leading pest control brand. Rentokil PCI aims to set new standards for customer service with operations across 300 locations in India. The JV brand also focuses on developing industry-leading service operations through the sharing of best practices, new innovations and the use of digital technologies."
Majorel,4.3,(426 Reviews),JV,Luxembourg + 5 more,4 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Majorel designs, delivers and differentiates customer experience on behalf of some of the world’s most respected brands. By combining the best of people and technology, Majorel India uses a tiered approach of providing customer experience at every touch point, whether it’s through service, sales or loyalty programmes. It provides classic customer communication as well as digital solutions such as social media and online communications, automated interaction and AI, analytics, self-service and other customer lifecycle and marketing solutions."
Neeyamo Enterpri...,3.7,(425 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 5 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Neeyamo is a leading platform-based global Payroll and HR solutions provider focused on delivering global HR and payroll services to multinational organizations with operations across a long-tail of countries. With an extensive team of professionals serving clients across 190+ countries, Neeyamo leverages its unique service-based model and functionality-rich, next-generation portfolio of HR products to help organizations enable agile and scalable business. Neeyamo envisions standing at the forefront of revolutionizing the global HR ecosystem and meeting market-specific requirements, including Global Payroll, Benefits, Workforce Administration, Background Screening, Global Compliance, and Employee Helpdesk.

Visit www.neeyamo.com to know more."
Webhelp,4.1,(425 Reviews),Private,Paris + 8 more,23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We live in an era of fast connectivity and AI. Today, human experiences have even more power to make businesses come to life in customers’ hearts and minds. Webhelp is committed to making business more human. It’s through this commitment that Webhelp enriches customer experience, and designs business solutions that create value for the world’s most exciting companies. Webhelp is a partner across a range of services including customer experience solutions, social media moderation through to payment services. Hundreds of brands across the world trust Webhelp because of their people, the culture they work in, and the ideas and technology they put to work. Webhelp believes that Emotional Intelligence creates a lasting impact, and their skill in marrying a differentiating human touch to the right technology is what makes a real difference for their clients. 

By choosing Webhelp they access the passion and experience of 85,000 game-changers from more than 160 locations in 50 countries. Each one determined to bring their own intelligence, empathy and experience to the table every day. Webhelp invests in people and the environment they work in, because they know that when people thrive, it has a powerful impact on them, their customers and on their partners’ business. Webhelp believes that making business more human leads to a better customer experience - and a healthier bottom line. Webhelp is currently owned by its management and GBL, a leading global investment holding, as of November 2019. More information can be found at www.webhelp.com"
Ups Logistics,4.2,(512 Reviews),Private,"Atlanta,Georgia + 27 more",116 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"United Parcel Service (NYSE: UPS) is a global leader in logistics, offering a broad range of solutions including the transportation of packages and freight, the facilitation of international trade, and the deployment of advanced technology to manage the world of business more efficiently. Headquartered in Atlanta, UPS serves more than 220 countries and territories worldwide. The company can be found on the Web at UPS.com and its corporate blog can be found at https://www.ups.com/us/en/services/knowledge-center/longitudes-landing.page?articlesource=longitudes. The company is also active among other social media channels including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube. To receive UPS news direct, visit pressroom.UPS.com."
Lowe's,4.4,(424 Reviews),Private,Mooresville + 4 more,77 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving more than 18 million customers a week in the United States and Canada. With the fiscal year 2018 sales of $71.3 billion, Lowe’s and its related businesses operate or service more than 2,200 home improvement and hardware stores and employ approximately 300,000 associates. Founded in 1946 and based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s supports its hometown Charlotte region and all communities it serves through programs focused on safe, affordable housing and careers in the skilled trades."
Dodsal Engineeri...,4.4,(424 Reviews),Conglomerate,"Dubai,Dubai + 30 more",40 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ngineering and Construction is the flagship business of the Dodsal Group. As part of Dodsal's EPC business, it undertakes Engineering, Procurement and Construction projects as well as large scale complex Construction only Projects in the Energy, Industrial and Infrastructure sectors.Dodsal has been successfully executing projects across the Energy, Industrial and Infrastructure sectors in the Middle East, Asia, Africa and Europe for over five decades since 1960. The company's range of projects include Process Plants for Oil and Gas Field Development, Gas Separation and Processing, LNG Plants, Refineries, Petrochemicals, Tank farms; Power Plants for Nuclear based, Gas based and Coal based power generation and Power Transmission Lines, Sub-Stations and Railway Electrifications for Power Distribution; Onshore Pipelines including Oil and Gas Pipelines, Slurry Pipelines, Water Pipelines and Pumping Stations; Offshore Shallow Water Pipelines; Desalination Plants, Fertilizer and Chemical Plants and Metallurgical Plants; Building including Residential Estates, Mosques and Hotels; Roads, Highways and Bridges and Canals for leading international and regional Oil and Gas companies amongst other reputed government organizations, as both, an EPC and a Construction contractor."
Infinx,3.7,(424 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 17 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We create intelligent payment lifecycle solutions for healthcare providers. From our artificial intelligence-driven Prior Authorization Software, which streamlines preauthorization workflows for hospitals, clinics, imaging centers, and laboratories to revenue cycle management solutions for various specialties, we focus on increasing revenue and improving patient satisfaction for our customers.
Every customer is a partner in our business. With an experienced team dedicated to solving reimbursement bottlenecks in the healthcare industry, we collaborate with the best and brightest to create innovative and scalable solutions that improve your bottom line. We look forward to helping you."
PUMA,4.3,(424 Reviews),Private,"Herzogenaurach,Herzogenaurach + 60 more",75 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At PUMA, we are in constant pursuit of faster. That extends beyond our support of the fastest athletes in the world. We also work to be fast in how we adapt to and connect with the constantly changing world around us. Through innovative design, iconic footwear and apparel, and authentic partnerships, we aim to always push what’s next in both sport and culture. That hustler’s spirit can be felt across PUMA categories, partnerships, offices, and countries. And we are always in search of talent that can help us set the pace at which sport and culture collide, as well as finding better ways to connect and collaborate with our communities. 

PUMA supports over 14,000 employees across 120+ countries. The PUMA Group owns the brand PUMA, Cobra Golf and stichd, and is headquartered in Herzogenaurach, Germany."
Progressive Info...,3.7,(423 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 43 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Trusted IT partner since 1998, Progressive Infotech provides comprehensive suite of transformation and support services. The offerings span across cloud, digital and support operations, delivered through a matured and scalable service delivery model. In every client engagement, Progressive ensures clients realize higher ROI, stretch the intrinsic value of existing IT investments and are better prepared for emergent market changes.
Gartner lists Progressive Infotech as a notable vendor in Magic Quadrant for Public Cloud Infrastructure Managed Service Providers, Worldwide 2018- Asia/Pacific Context."
Muthoot Microfin,4.3,(423 Reviews),Private,"Ernakulam,Kerala + 131 more",8 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Muthoot Microfin Limited (MML), the microfinance arm of Muthoot Pappachan Group is one of the leading and fast-growing microfinance institutions (NBFC-MFI) in India. The company is focused on providing micro-loans to women entrepreneurs with a focus on rural regions of India.

Our microfinance operations are designed to promote entrepreneurship among women and inclusive growth. We provide financial assistance through micro loans such as income generating loans to women engaged in small businesses. Delivering financial services to masses including underprivileged and disadvantaged people, living in the rural sectors of the Indian society at affordable terms, in quick turnaround time and with hassle-free processing is the aim of our financial inclusion drive.

We have adopted joint liability group model of microfinance, which caters exclusively to women in lower income households and is premised on the fact that if such individuals are given access to credit, they will be able to identify new opportunities and supplement and grow their existing income.

We believe that the history of the Muthoot Pappachan Group in working with customers in the bottom of the economic pyramid, helps us better address the needs of our customers in rural households and design lending products to cater to their requirements. Our brand identity possesses an unwavering commitment to provide our clients with the support they need to improve their standard of living."
Thriveni Earthmo...,3.9,(423 Reviews),Private,"Salem,Tamil Nadu + 27 more",32 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"proven track record spanning two decades of experience, a project portfolio that testifies our expertise and a prominent client base from the mining and manufacturing industry that is evidence to our mining excellence. We are India’s largest mining MDO accredited with ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2009 and BS OHSAS 18001:2007 with more than 6000 people and a turnover of 200 million USD, we have created an indelible presence for ourselves in the mining map of India"
Encore Capital G...,4.1,(423 Reviews),Private,"San Diego,California + 1 more",70 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Encore means more. We always go the extra mile for our consumers, our colleagues, our clients, and our investors. It’s what sets up apart.

As an industry leader, and the only company to develop a Consumer Bill of Rights, we promote professional growth and healthy living for our employees, offering top-notch compensation and programs such as leadership and skills training, tuition assistance for continued education, and wellness initiatives that have earned us recognition as one of San Diego’s Healthiest Employers.

We firmly believe in work-life balance, and we are committed to actively promoting healthy living and personal and professional satisfaction for our employees.

Headquartered in San Diego, Encore is a publicly traded NASDAQ Global Select company (ticker symbol: ECPG) and a component stock of the Russell 2000, the S&P SmallCap 600, and the Wilshire 4500."
CNH Industrial,4.2,(837 Reviews),Public,London + 44 more,10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"C​NH Industrial is a global leader in capital goods that implements design, manufacturing, distribution, commercial and financial activities in international markets.​​​​
​
​​​​​​We employ more than 64,000 people in 66 manufacturing plants and 54 research and development centers in 180 countries.

Our global presence and broad reach mean that we can capitalize on opportunities for growth and pursue our ambition to become a leader in our sectors.

Through our 12 brands, we make the vehicles that keep agriculture and industry growing. From tractors and combines to trucks and buses, as well as powertrain solutions for on-road and off-road and marine vehicles, we design, produce and sell machines for work.​"
BASF,4.5,(555 Reviews),Private,Ludwigshafen + 60 more,80 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"At BASF, we create chemistry for a sustainable future. We combine economic success with environmental protection and social responsibility. More than 117,000 employees in the BASF Group work on contributing to the success of our customers in nearly all sectors and almost every country in the world. Our portfolio is organized into six segments: Chemicals, Materials, Industrial Solutions, Surface Technologies, Nutrition & Care and Agricultural Solutions. BASF generated sales of €59 billion in 2019. BASF shares are traded on the stock exchange in Frankfurt (BAS) and as American Depositary Receipts (BASFY) in the U.S."
Micro Turners,3.7,(422 Reviews),Private,"Panchkula,Haryana + 31 more",54 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"MICRO TURNERS Group, founded in 1969 (started with name A K Automatics) is one of the largest integrated Automotive component manufacturers in India. It has 12 world class manufacturing facilities mainly located in the North & West India. With the infrastructure and technology platform developed over 40 years, the Group is well positioned in the Indian Auto and Non-Auto component markets. With over 1600 various components, Micro Turners is mainly into the manufacturing of Transmission Gear Train Assembly, Kick Start Mechanism, Gear Shifting Towers & Forks, All types of Sprockets, Ratchets, Pinions, Special Engine Fasteners, Clutch Shafts, Armature Shafts, Spline Shafts, Balancer Shafts, Bearing Races & Rings, 2-WHD Chassis Assy, Fabricated Frames, Muffler Assy, Swing Arms, 2-WHD Axles, Precision Ground Bushes and Special Turned Components. Moving with a growth rate of 11% CAGR, the company has posted a turnover of USD $225 Million in last year. Micro Turners mainly aims at expanding their business across the globes through technological excellence. We significantly feature GOOD QUALITY, HIGH VOLUME & COMPETITIVE COST."
TCNS Clothing Co...,4.2,(463 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 73 more",22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Born in 2001, TCNS CLOTHING CO. LIMITED is the dream of two brothers – Mr. OS Pasricha and Mr. AS Pasricha. It came to reality when W started its journey with an aim to provide fashion in a modern retail environment to the Indian woman. TCNS CLOTHING CO. LIMITED consists of 3 brands - WforWoman, Aurelia and WishfulByW. W is the only brand in the Indian retail space which offers ‘Indian contemporary’ wear and stays a step ahead of the fashion curve. The pioneer in introducing the concept of ‘Mix n Match’ in retail, W designers take inspiration from the latest fashion trends & forecasts from the west and transform them into silhouettes and styles acceptable to the modern Indian woman. Our first brand Store was opened in 2001-2002 at Lajpat Nagar, New Delhi. And now when we are standing in 17th year the store count is 500+ across the globe. The idea is not to grow only within India but internationally. W’s exclusive brand outlets are now present in Mauritius, Srilanka & Kathmandu and are now looking forward to expand in more countries."
Somany Ceramics,4.2,(421 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 51 more",55 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1969 by late Shri H. L. Somany, Somany Ceramics is an internationally acclaimed organization that specializes in ceramics and allied products segment. In the last four decades, Somany Ceramics has established itself as an unchallenged leader in the Indian Ceramic Industry with significant presence in India, Africa, the Middle East, United Kingdom and Russia. The company has manufacturing plants in Kadi (Gujarat) and Kassar (Haryana), India and other joint venture plants, generating a total production capacity of 60 million square meters annually. Somany is a complete décor solutions provider and its extensive range of products include – Ceramic Wall and Floor Tiles, Polished Vitrified Tiles, Glazed Vitrified Tiles, Digital Tiles, Sanitaryware and Bath Fittings as well as Tile Laying Solutions."
India Japan Ligh...,4.1,(421 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 18 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"India Japan Lighting Pvt. Ltd. was incorporated in December 1996 as a JV. 

The company manufacturing Headlamps, Rear combination lamps and various other small lamps for automotive applications.

The headlamp and rear combination lamp are aerodynamically styled and represent the state-of-the art technology. The company has introduced state-of-the-art clear plastic lens, multi-focal reflector headlamp with auto leveling mechanism, PES Head Lamps, GDHL Lamps with DRL Light Guide and Edge Lighting Facility and Clear lens rear combination lamps, Multi Colour Rear Combination Lamps and LED Lamps. The company has already developed and tested successfully Bi – LED head Lamps and will be supplied to customers in coming months. All products of IJL are designed to meet international levels of quality."
LifeCell Interna...,3.7,(421 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 59 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Lifecell was established in 2004, LifeCell is India's first and largest stem cell bank, enjoying the trust of over 3,50,000+ parents who have banked their children's stem cells with the company. LifeCell was founded in technological collaboration with Cryo-Cell International – the world’s first private stem cell bank with over 25 years of operational excellence. With state-of-the-art laboratories at Chennai & Gurgaon and a network spread over 200 service centers in the country & footprints in GCC countries. The company is the most accredited stem cell bank with certifications from national and international organizations for standards. LifeCell is also the only player in the industry providing comprehensive stem cell solutions including the novel initiative of community stem cell banking, menstrual stem cell banking, R&D and point-of-care stem cell therapy for orthopedic and vascular specialties."
Integreon,3.6,(421 Reviews),Private,"Fargo,North Dakota + 6 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Spanning the full range of litigation, contract lifecycle management and business enablement solutions, Integreon empowers law firms, corporations, professional services organizations and financial services institutions to deliver predictable outcomes allowing our clients to focus on what they do best. It’s On! For more information about Integreon’s extensive range of services, visit www.Integreon.com"
Turbo Energy,4.2,(420 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 15 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The company is a part of the renowned TVS Group (http://www.tvsgroup.com). TEL is a pioneer and the largest manufacturer of turbochargers in India. With over 60% market share, the company achieved a gross sales turnover of INR 12,190 million in FY17-18.The Engineering R&D centre which was established in 1985, is recognized by the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Government of India. The Centre designs and develops components, applicate turbochargers, conducts simulation, testing and validation in-house.TEL has four manufacturing locations with the capacity to produce 1.8 million turbochargers and 5 million turbocharger components per year. TEL is the most backward integrated turbocharger manufacturer ensuring consistent quality and reliable supply."
Ag Industries,4.0,(420 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 19 more",32 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The company’s expertise lies in manufacturing a wide range of plastic components for the automotive sector. A G Industries has state-of-the-art manufacturing units in Gurgaon, IMT Manesar, Haridwar, Halol, Dharuhera, Chennai and Bawal plant I & Bawal Plant II.The current turnover of the company is INR 11176.80 Million (USD 180 Million) in 2016-17 and target to achieve INR 22400 Million (USD 350 Million) in the year 2021-22."
TDK India,4.0,(420 Reviews),Private,Nashik + 19 more,2023 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""TDK Corporation : We at TDK believe that our over 117,000 team members are our most valued resources and build the basis for TDK’s success. “People are everything” – with this statement, Mr. Noboru Saito stepped into his position as President of the TDK Corporation in April 2022. 
We are dedicated to foster personal growth for every team member through a variety of career and learning opportunities – at every stage of your career. For instance, we provide an environment to get into a vibrant exchange of ideas with talented colleagues to stay current with technological advances, create cutting edge innovations, and learn the latest management techniques. We invite you to thrive in our world of high-end electronics, where you bring your unique strength to contribute creating a smarter world for everybody. Together, we could achieve total sales of USD 15.6 billion in fiscal year 2022.
View our career development opportunities here. (linkage to career page  career development)
TDK focuses on demanding markets in automotive, industrial & energy, as well as information and communication technology. With the diversification in these three main business sectors, we aim to realize our corporate motto “Contribute to culture and industry through creativity” and therefore lay the groundwork for growth, by creating value for the society. We strive to protect the global environment while we promote respect for human rights. We contribute to developing a sustainable society through our innovative technologies and solutions. Each of our companies takes an active role in making our communities stronger.
While being headquartered in Tokyo, Japan, each TDK company plays to its individual strengths and achieves growth as part of the TDK Group. At TDK's locations in 30 countries, specialists in many fields and with various areas of expertise, employ their skills and passion every day to tackle challenging tasks. Respect for diversity always receives highest consideration.
TDK was established in 1935 to commercialize ferrite, a key material in electronic and magnetic products. Today TDK's comprehensive, innovation-driven portfolio features passive components sensors and sensor systems,  lithium-ion batteries, power supplies, magnetic heads and more. These products are marketed under the product brands TDK, EPCOS, InvenSense, Micronas, Tronics and TDK-Lambda – only to name a few.
We offer a unique combination of working with an agile company's venture spirit while being embedded in a world class organization. We are guided by our entrepreneurial mentality in each group company and foster a high
degree of freedom to take on responsibility for success. Simultaneously, the TDK Group provides stability and access to infrastructure, systems and talented material scientists that create a wide range of high-end electronic components and solutions in large scale manufacturing. Together, we relentlessly enable customer success."""
ANZ Banking Grou...,4.1,(687 Reviews),"Melbourne,Victoria + 11 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"ANZ traces its origins to the Bank of Australasia, which opened its first office in Sydney in 1835. The bank established a Melbourne office in 1838, where ANZ's world headquarters is located today at 833 Collins Street, Melbourne.
ANZ is a publicly listed company, and was incorporated on 14 July 1977 in Australia. Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited is the main holding and operating company for the Group and our registered office is ANZ Centre, Level 9, 833 Collins Street, Docklands, Victoria, Australia.
ANZ is one of the five largest listed companies in Australia by market capitalisation, one of four major banks in Australia (by total assets) and the largest bank in New Zealand (by total assets).
As at 30 September 2018, ANZ had a market capitalisation of A$81.0 billion and total assets of A$942.6 billion.
We operate in more than 33 markets across Australia, New Zealand, Asia, Pacific, Europe, America and the Middle East.
Our ~40,000 staff serve retail, commercial and institutional customers through consumer and corporate offerings in our core markets, and regional trade and capital flows across the region.
ANZ is owned by over 500,000 shareholders with 43% of ANZ's shareholdings (by value) held by retail shareholders and 57% by Institutional shareholders. 74% of ANZ's shareholdings (by value) is held by domestic shareholders and 26% held by offshore investors. 
ANZ shares and related securities are listed on the Australian and New Zealand exchanges."
CMS Computers Li...,3.7,(419 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 52 more,47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Founded as Computer Maintenance and Services Company in 1976, CMS Computers Limited is a pioneer and leader in the Indian ICT industry. With more than 4000 employees spread across over 100 locations in India, CMS Computers is adding value to every industry through its products, services and offerings. 
Over the last 37 years, CMS has played an integral role in helping clients succeed through many economic cycles. CMS Computers provides expertise and experience delivering governance services, transportation & traffic solutions, energy management solutions, surveillance and workforce management, broadcasting solutions as well as software services aligning technology with client businesses."""
Ameriprise Finan...,4.1,(419 Reviews),Private,"Minneapolis,Minnesota + 6 more",129 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ameriprise Financial has helped millions of clients achieve their financial goals for more than 120 years. We have a network of approximately 10,000 financial advisors* who use a personalized approach to help clients plan for the full and rich life they’ve earned. 

We believe that with the right advisor, the right advice, and the right firm, life can be brilliant. 

Ameriprise has corporate locations throughout the U.S. and across the globe, and advisor offices in all 50 states."
NSB Bpo Solution...,3.1,(419 Reviews),Private,"Bhopal,Madhya Pradesh + 73 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NSB BPO Solutions Pvt. Ltd. is one of the leading organisations providing solutions in the domain of document processing, data capturing, document storage, customer verification and call centre operations in India. The company has been in operation since 1993 and has partnered with leading telecom and banking organizations in the country to provide these services. NSB has a PAN India presence with 650+ offices and is backed up by a strong and dedicated work force of 8,000+ people working round the clock. With an ISO 9001 compliant service delivery mechanism, the company aims for customer success through a collaborative approach with the clients. It not only offers a vendor-customer relationship but also tenders strategic business services through innovative and flexible options."
Bikanervala,4.0,(419 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 41 more",73 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"BIKANERVALA FOODS are popular for their passion & spirit to provide Quality Products & the innovative blending of heritage & traditional expertise with modern technology in the both national as well as international market. They are the competents for their eateries, delicious desserts & spicy namkeens all over the world. The traditional Indian sweet makers have transformed their products with the help of advanced technology into a full-fledged processing food industry. BIKANERVALA Foods has satisfied their customers for offering them their best quality products. BIKANERVALA Foods Private LTD. has achieved the distinction for remaining the first Indian Company for the category of their famous & branded products.They have been granted an international benchmark ISO-9001:2008 certificate & such a brand is accepted & has made its faith in the world."
Netscribes,3.2,(419 Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 3 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Netscribes is a global data and insights firm. We use data to meet the sales, marketing, innovation, and customer engagement needs of some of the world’s largest organizations.

Our expertise lies in gathering data from varied sources, translating it into meaningful information, insights or content, and using it to enhance customer journeys.

Over the last two decades, we have helped both Fortune 500 companies, as well as high-potential startups, leverage data to tackle disruption, understand evolving customers, and accelerate business growth."
Fleetguard Filte...,4.0,(421 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 54 more",36 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Fleetguard Filters Private Limited (FFPL) was incorporated in the year 1987 as a joint venture between Cummins Filtration USA and FFPL, India. In the last three decades since our inception, we have set the benchmark in the automotive sector for providing world class filtration solutions for both On and Off-highway applications.Our products have emerged as a symbol of Trust, providing the ultimate protection to engines in Construction, Commercial Vehicles, Mining, Agriculture, Marine and Power generation segments.Our proven and time-tested practices has empowered us to become India’s leading manufacturer of heavy-duty Air, Fuel, Lube, Hydraulic filters, Air Intake Systems, Coolants and Chemical Products. Fleetguard's state of the art facilities combined with the best in class equipment is unmatched in the filtration industry and assures shortest lead time for new product development.Simply put, we are not only one of India’s most trusted manufacturers of world-class Filters and Coolants, but an organisation that implements the best practices to deliver complete filtration solutions for the Indian automobile sector."
Union Bank of In...,3.9,(417 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 83 more",104 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Union Bank of India was established on 11th November 1919 with its headquarters in the city of Bombay now known as Mumbai.

The Head Office building of the Bank in Mumbai was inaugurated by Mahatma Gandhi, the Father of the nation in the year 1921, and he said on the occasion:
""We should have the ability to carry on a big bank, to manage efficiently crore of rupees in the course of our national activities. Though we have not many banks amongst us, it does not follow that we are not capable of efficiently managing crore and tens of crore of rupees.""​
His prescient words anticipated the growth of the bank that has taken place in the decades that followed. 

The Bank now operates through over 4200+ branches across the country. The Bank's core values of prudent management without ignoring opportunities is reflected in the fact that the Bank has shown remarkable progress during past 99 years of its operations."
Border Security ...,4.5,(417 Reviews),Govt Organisation,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 59 more",58 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Till 1965 India’s borders with Pakistan were manned by the State Armed Police Battalion. Pakistan attacked Sardar Post, Chhar Bet and Beria Bet on 9 April, 1965 in Kutch. This exposed the inadequacy of the State Armed Police to cope with armed aggression due to which the Government of India felt the need for a specialized centrally controlled Border Security Force, which would be armed and trained to man the International Border with Pakistan. As a result of the recommendations of the Committee of Secretaries, the Border Security Force came into existence on 01 Dec 1965, and Shri K F Rustamji was the first chief and founding father. Shri Rajni Kant Mishra, IPS is current Director General of the BSF.


ETHOS:
The BSF, in its 53rd years of existence, has emerged as an elite force of the country having excelled with distinction in the 1971 war with Pakistan. Its ethos is ""Any task, any time, any where"" and the BSF has given blood and sweat to execute its motto ""Jeevan Paryant Kartavya"".
BORDER FENCING /FLOOD LIGHTING/ROADS :
The concept of border fencing, flood lighting and construction of roads has been introduced with the aim to stop infiltration/exfiltration on the Western and Eastern borders."
Union Bank of In...,3.9,(417 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 83 more",104 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Union Bank of India was established on 11th November 1919 with its headquarters in the city of Bombay now known as Mumbai.

The Head Office building of the Bank in Mumbai was inaugurated by Mahatma Gandhi, the Father of the nation in the year 1921, and he said on the occasion:
""We should have the ability to carry on a big bank, to manage efficiently crore of rupees in the course of our national activities. Though we have not many banks amongst us, it does not follow that we are not capable of efficiently managing crore and tens of crore of rupees.""​
His prescient words anticipated the growth of the bank that has taken place in the decades that followed. 

The Bank now operates through over 4200+ branches across the country. The Bank's core values of prudent management without ignoring opportunities is reflected in the fact that the Bank has shown remarkable progress during past 99 years of its operations."
Shaktiman Tirth ...,4.2,(417 Reviews),Private,"Rajkot,Gujarat + 30 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Tirth Agro Technology Pvt. Ltd is a leading Indian agricultural implements manufacturer company with a history of over a decade. It is an ISO 9001:2008 Company. Compny having CE Marking for the Products Rotary Tiller & Cardon Shaft.Company has started in year 1997
Holiday Inn,4.2,(416 Reviews),Private,"Memphis,Buckinghamshire + 42 more",71 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At IHG, we’re committed to delivering True Hospitality for everyone. We believe in making you feel welcome and valued, wherever you are in the world. That’s because we truly care about people and the communities we serve, and because we pride ourselves on providing the highest quality of service."
Parag Milk Foods,3.9,(416 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 48 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""At Parag, each day is filled with providing new inspiration to consumers, to create fresh trends in dairy consumption. Each of our brands Gowardhan, Go, Topp Up and Pride of Cows, play a central role in people's lives – they awake to them and consume them all day long. Each with their own unique taste and place in life. We are passionate about making milk moments a source of delight and inspiration.
From new ways to delight children, to healthier ways to spread goodness and cheer in families, from delicious ways to entertain friends, to providing the quickest ways in which a mother can provide taste and nutrition. 
From making ghee which is as close to home made ghee,the first packaged shredded cheeses designed for convenience and the first cheese in a squeeze tube to delight children, to cream cheeses in many exotic flavours to make entertaining exciting,the first natural fruits based yogurts, or making fresh Paneer with extended shelf life for convinience and India’s freshest, highly nourishing farm to home milk. Parag has led successful dairy farming in India."""
LEAD School,3.5,(416 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 52 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Lead School is an academic content learning provider for schools. Its features include monitoring students learning, teachers performance, courses for teachers, and course curriculum delivery. It also provides services to government and private schools."
Glorious Insight,4.9,(416 Reviews),Noida + 1 more,11-50 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"We are your technology partner to help you sprint to the world of digital transformation. In the process, we are creating a significant impact in your modus operandi to transact and take your business to the next millennial. Since we give due value to the culture we have honed in over the last few years of our operation, our vendors get a strong foundation from where we are evolving and changing how enterprises work. With us by your side, we are bringing possibilities, innovation, and transformation into the picture."
Jyothy Laborator...,4.2,(415 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 89 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Jyothy Laboratories Ltd is a Mumbai-based fast-moving consumer goods company founded in 1983. In 2009–10 the company reported a turnover of ₹5.82 billion and profit of ₹800 million. The company has 21 manufacturing units at 14 locations across India.
Orient Craft,4.1,(414 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 11 more",47 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Established over 40 years ago, Orient Craft is today India’s #1 garment design house, backed by a large world class manufacturing infrastructure. With state-of-art production facilities across 21 units and a combined capacity to produce nearly 2,00,000 pieces per day, OC aims to deliver high quality in wide variety of products to suit its customers needs. Currently the annual turnover of OC is 250 million USD (first cost, resulting in over a billion dollars of retail products and growing). At OC we take pride in being a design led organization. Our strength to keep abreast with latest fashion trends and our worldwide sourcing network helps us meet client satisfaction with every delivery we make. Cutting edge technology, modern infrastructure and innovation in design are some of the words that describe us. While we continue to strive and deliver through performance, while complying with all Health and Safety norms & leap ‘behind and beyond the needle point’ to give back to the society. In our endeavour to be a socially responsible corporate, we execute various programs and initiatives to uplift the local, rural and marginalized sectors."
Care Hospital,4.2,(414 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 31 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"- CARE Hospitals is a multi specialty healthcare provider, with 14 hospitals in 6 
   cities across 5 states of India.

- Hospitals at Hyderabad, Secunderabad (Telangana), Visakhapatnam (Andhra 
  Pradesh), Nagpur, Pune (Maharashtra), Bhubaneswar (Odisha), Raipur (Chattisgarh).

- CARE Hospitals is the regional leader in tertiary care in South/Central India and 
   among the top 4 pan-        Indian hospital chains.

- India’s largest integrated outpatient centre offering consultation and day care 
  surgeries in 30+ specialties with more than 100 doctors, full range of diagnostic 
  and radiology investigations and in-house pharmacy across 6 floors. Linked to the 
  in-patient hospital through free shuttle services. 
 
- Comprehensive services are offered in 30+ specialties, with a total of 2400 beds."
Rohan Builders,4.2,(414 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 38 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Rohan Builders was founded in 1993, at a time when the country was riding the liberalization wave. Our first big break came with a construction project for the Coca Cola factory in Pune"
SBFC Finance,3.9,(414 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 111 more",6 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"SBFC Finance Private Limited headquartered in Mumbai, is a new-age financial services institution focused on providing credit to small businesses and consumers. Founded in 2017, SBFC acquired the retail lending book along with the existing infrastructure, branch network and employee team of Karvy Financial Services Limited. Backed by an equity infusion of ₹ 845 crores ($ 130 million) from PE investors Lyra Partners and Arpwood Partners, SBFC aims grab the unique opportunity of financing 50 million small business through technology adoption."
Tata Consumer Pr...,4.0,(508 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 95 more",61 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tata Consumer Products is a focused consumer products company uniting the food and beverage interests of the Tata Group under one umbrella. It is home to key brands such as Tata Tea, Tetley, Tata Salt, and Tata Sampann. With a combined reach of over 200 million households in India, it has an unparalleled ability to leverage the Tata brand in consumer products. We are on a mission to create a premier diversified consumer products company. Our strengths lie in our deep understanding of our consumers in India and in international markets, iconic market-leading brands, and wide consumer reach. 

We are committed to delivering high-quality, innovative, tasty, and convenient products with goodness at its core. Our portfolio of products ranges from tea, coffee, water, and ready-to-drink to salt, pulses, spices, ready-to-eat, and more. In the Beverage business, Tata Consumer Products is the 2nd largest player in branded tea in the world with over 330 million servings every day across the world. Our brands include Tata Tea, Tetley, Vitax, Eight O’Clock Coffee, Himalayan Natural Mineral Water, Tata Coffee Grand, and Joekels.

 Beginning with the iconic Tata Salt that pioneered the crusade for iodization in India, our Foods business is one of the most trusted food brands in India and we have extended our portfolio to include salt variants and nourishing food items. With Tata Sampann we bring the traditional wisdom of Indian food in a contemporary package to deliver the best of taste, nutrition, and convenience"
ValueMomentum,3.7,(413 Reviews),Private,"Piscataway,New Jersey + 5 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ValueMomentum provides IT services and solutions to insurance, financial services, and healthcare. Customers choose ValueMomentum due to the company’s track record of delivering value and driving momentum to customers’ business initiatives. ValueMomentum accomplishes this by applying a time-tested formula of combining strong technology expertise with deep industry experience."
Merino Industrie...,3.8,(625 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 42 more",55 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Welcome to the Home of Laminates, welcome to Merino. From a humble beginning in 1967, the Merino Group has come a long way. Today, the group is one of the world’s largest manufacturers of decorative laminates for interiors and has global recognition for being a leader in the laminates and panel industry. The Group has diverse business interests that expand from Interior Architectural products to Information Technology to Food & Agro products, and has presence in over 80 countries that span across the five continents.

Driven by the inherent value of constant innovation, Merino offers a diverse bouquet of multiple surfaces with infinite design possibilities that showcase its world-class manufacturing prowess. The ever-growing network of stakeholders corroborates the group’s eminence and indicates a promising future for years to come."
Linde India,4.1,(412 Reviews),Public,Pullach + 36 more,144 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Description Linde plc is an Irish-domiciled multinational chemical company formed by the merger of Linde AG of Germany and Praxair of the United States. It is the world's largest industrial gas company by market share as well as revenue.
Ashirvad Pipes,4.1,(412 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 61 more",48 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1975 in Patna, Bihar, Ashirvad Pipes setup its Bengaluru units in 1998, and has always been relentless in its commitment to quality and service. Ashirvad pipes is a leading manufacturer and supplier of CPVC, uPVC, SWR plumbing systems and is also the pioneer in designing and manufacturing uPVC column pipes, which are used in the erection of submersible borehole pumps. Ashirvad Pipes, has been a benchmark for quality and adheres to the highest international standards for manufacturing of products. In 2013 Ashirvad entered into a JV with Aliaxis S.A, a 3 billion Euro (Rs. 21, 600 crore approx.) company, based in Brussels, Europe"
Dimension Data,4.0,(412 Reviews),Private,"Bryanston,Johannesburg + 46 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Dimension Data is a global technology integrator and managed services provider that helps its clients achieve great things and create new possibilities through the use and adoption of technology.Founded in 1983, Dimension Data is now a USD 8 billion global leader in designing, managing and optimising today’s evolving technology environments to enable its clients to leverage data in a digital age, turn it into information and extract insights. Headquartered in Johannesburg with 28,000 employees across 46 countries, Dimension Data brings together the world’s best technology provided by market leaders and niche innovators – from consulting, technical and support services to a fully managed service. Its long-term partnerships with the leading technology companies also give its clients across multiple industries, including financial services, education, healthcare, manufacturing, media and communications, pharmaceutical and sport, access to the world’s best technological knowledge and resources.As a proud member of the NTT family, Dimension Data invests heavily in innovation, which has led over 100 prestigious industry awards for its commitment to driving excellence and innovation."
H&M,4.1,(411 Reviews),Private,"Stockholm,Stockholm + 30 more",76 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hennes & Mauritz AB is a Swedish multinational clothing-retail company known for its fast-fashion clothing for men, women, teenagers and children. As of November 2019, H&M operates in 74 countries with over 5,000 stores under the various company brands, with 126,000 full-time equivalent positions."
Tata Hitachi Con...,4.1,(411 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 51 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tata Hitachi Construction Machinery Company Private Limited is the market leader in Earth Moving and Construction Equipment in India. Tata Hitachi is a subsidiary of Hitachi Construction Machinery Co. Ltd, (HCM), Japan with HCM (60% share) and Tata Motors, India (40%).With its head office at Bangalore, Tata Hitachi is one of the largest manufacturer of Construction Equipment in India. It has three manufacturing plants at Jamshedpur-Jharkhand, Dharwad-Karnataka and Kharagpur-West Bengal"
TÜV NORD,3.6,(411 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 38 more",34 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"With over 10,000 employees in more than 70 countries in Europe, Asia, Africa, and the Americas, the TÜV NORD GROUP is actively committed to its national and international customers. It's broad consulting, service and inspection portfolio encompasses both specific individual tests and inspections and also the management of complex safety solutions.

TÜV NORD GROUP is organised into Mobility, Industrial Services, Training, IT, Natural Resources and Aerospace business units – competence centres are in permanent contact with customers for analyzing, consulting and also developing and implementing customized solutions.

TÜV NORD GROUP customers benefit from the broad, well-founded expertise of qualified and approved consultants and inspectors. Through their understanding of the customer's situation and needs and the technical area concerned, these experts form the backbone of the Group's success."
McNally Bharat E...,4.1,(474 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 42 more",62 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"McNally Bharat Engineering Company Ltd. (MBE) is one of the leading Engineering Companies in India engaged in providing turnkey solutions in the areas of Power, Steel, Aluminium, Material Handling, Mineral Beneficiation, Pyroprocessing, Pneumatic Handling of powdered materials including fly ash handling and high concentrate disposal, coal washing, port cranes, civic and industrial water supply etc. Over 300 plants have been constructed on turnkey basis by MBE till March 2009"
Inox Wind,3.4,(410 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 33 more",14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Inox Wind is India’s leading wind energy solutions provider servicing IPPs, Utilities, PSUs, Corporates and Retail Investors. Inox Wind is a fully integrated player in the wind energy market with three state-of-the-art manufacturing plants in Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh with a cumulative manufacturing capacity of 1,600 MW. The plant near Ahmedabad (Gujarat) manufactures Blades & Tubular Towers while Hubs & Nacelles are manufactured at the company’s facility at Una (Himachal Pradesh). The new integrated manufacturing facility at Barwani (Madhya Pradesh) manufactures blades, towers and will manufacture nacelles and hubs. The facility at M.P., which will be amongst the largest in Asia and billed to be the largest in India, will drive investments and economic growth in Madhya Pradesh and provide direct and indirect employment to 5,000 people in the state. IWL manufactures key components of WTGs in-house to maintain high quality, most advanced technology, reliability and cost competitiveness. Inox WTGs are designed for low wind speed sites such as those in India."
BEML,4.0,(410 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 27 more",59 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"BEML Limited (formerly Bharat Earth Movers Limited) was established in May 1964 as a Public Sector Undertaking for manufacture of Rail Coaches & Spare Parts and Mining Equipment at its Bangalore Complex. The Company has partially disinvested and presently Government of India owns 54 percent of total equity and rest 46 percent is held by Public, Financial Institutions, Foreign Institutional Investors, Banks and Employees.BEML Limited, a ‘Miniratna-Category-1’, plays a pivotal role and serves India’s core sectors like Defence, Rail, Power, Mining and Infrastructure. The Company started with a modest turnover of Rs. 5 Cr during 1965 and today, thanks to its diverse business portfolio, the company has been able to achieve a turnover of more than Rs.3,500 Cr."
India Shelter Fi...,4.1,(410 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 99 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"India Shelter Finance Corporation aims to empower middle-income households with credit to acquire new homes or to extend and improve their current homes. So far, we have helped over 28,000 homes by disbursing over Rs. 2,000 crores in loans! We provide loans up to Rs. 20 lakhs to urban borrowers for up to 20 years and aspire to fulfill the progressively increasing need of first generation urban families that need help in accessing housing credit. Our goal is to build a profitable and socially useful business that will increase housing stock and improve health and education outcomes for these homes. India Shelter Finance Corporation Ltd (ISFC) is the new name of the erstwhile Satyaprakash Housing Finance India Limited (SHFIL), which was granted the certificate of registration by National Housing Bank on 26th October 1998. The business was taken over by a group of professionals and re-launched on 12th March 2010.Sequoia Capital invested in the company to meet the requirements of its first phase of growth. Later Sequoia Capital, Nexus Venture Partners and Westbridge infused more capital in the company to help accelerate growth."
Baxter Internati...,4.2,(619 Reviews),Private,"Deerfield,Illinois + 25 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Every day, millions of patients and caregivers rely on Baxter’s leading portfolio of critical care, nutrition, renal, hospital and surgical products. For more than 85 years, we’ve been operating at the critical intersection where innovations that save and sustain lives meet the healthcare providers that make it happen. With products, technologies and therapies available in more than 100 countries, Baxter’s employees worldwide are now building upon the company’s rich heritage of medical breakthroughs to advance the next generation of transformative healthcare innovations."
DM Consultants,1.2,(409 Reviews),Abu Dhabi + 13 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Creambell,4.0,(408 Reviews),Private,"Baddi,Himachal Pradesh + 66 more",32 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"In 2003 RJ Corporation brought Cream Bell ice cream to India in technical collaboration with French Dairy major, Candia. Since inception Cream Bell has delighted the taste buds of millions with a variety of refreshing and exotic ice cream flavours of international and traditional nature.

Since its launch in 2003, Cream Bell has scripted a stunning success story and is today among the top 5 Ice Cream brands in India. Despite being one of the recent entrants in the Indian ice cream market, Cream Bell has introduced an astonishing range of innovative ice cream products across all categories. Currently it has 136 varieties in its basket catering to various consumer age groups and their taste buds.

Cream Bell boasts of world class standards in the area of product quality. Every batch of ingredients goes through stringent quality control before taken for production. The quality standards are in consonance with international norms, and no effort is spared to ensure that only world class products reach the end users. Our plants are ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 22000:2005 certified."
AVTEC,3.8,(408 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 13 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"AVTEC is one of the largest independent manufacturers of powertrain and precision-engineered products in India. It is a part of CK Birla Group – a leading global business house, with over 25,000 employees and a combined turnover of US $2.0 billion.
With years of experience in manufacturing, AVTEC delivers competency across the entire value chain of design & manufacture of engines; transmissions and high precision components like cylinder heads, cylinder blocks, crank shafts, cam shafts, cam rods and transmission gears for Automotive, Off-Highway, Defence, Agriculture and Railway industry, in areas of both proprietary products and contract manufacturing. The company serves some of the best-known domestic and global Automotive and Off-Highway companies, including global OEMs such as Allison, BEML, Caterpillar, Daimler, Ford, ISUZU , PSA , Punch Powertrain, Renault-Nissan, Tata-Jaguar and several other established brands"
Steel Authority ...,4.1,(408 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 26 more",69 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) traces its origin to the formative years of an emerging nation - India. After independence, the steel sector was to propel the economic growth and rapid industrialization of the country, and since 1973, SAIL steel has played a pivotal role in transforming the nation. SAIL is the largest steel-making company in India and one of the seven Maharatna’s of the country’s Central Public Sector Enterprises. We produce top quality steel and iron at five integrated plants and three special steel plants, located principally in the eastern and central regions of India and situated close to domestic sources of raw materials. We manufacture and sell a broad range of steel products which are high in demand in the domestic as well as international market. Visit this page regularly to stay connected and get updates about our products, new initiatives, accomplishments, and more."
Akal Information...,4.2,(408 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 26 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"AKAL is a fast-growing Global Staffing & IT Services company. AKAL’s proprietary HR technology is dedicated to enable global recruiters to directly hire talent from India.

AKAL derives its name from the word Eternal and in its name itself, AKAL portrays its vision and goal of serving the higher good. All of AKAL’s processes and people are aligned to this higher objective. Service offerings are designed to be proficient yet affordable and all external engagements are wired to keep the social good into the account.

Meshed with this spirit of service, AKAL’s innovation and its belief in challenging the status quo makes AKAL an outlier in today’s competitive global marketplace."
Diebold Nixdorf,4.1,(407 Reviews),Private,"North Canton,Ohio + 34 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Consumer behavior is changing rapidly; people are empowered, connected and expect an unprecedented level of service and convenience. Simultaneously, the financial and retail industries we operate in are converging as mobile, contactless tech, smart data and advanced analytics blur the lines. The world is “always on” – it’s a digital era that requires us to orchestrate touchpoints in ways that meet and exceed the 24/7 automation needs of the banking and retail worlds. 

We’re the world leader in connected commerce, with proven expertise and comprehensive portfolios in cutting-edge systems technology, multi-vendor software and service excellence for both financial and retail customers. Diebold Nixdorf employs approximately 25,000 employees in more than 130 countries around the world. We are publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “DBD.”

Specialties: financial and retail self-service solutions, services, security solutions, software, cash management, branch and store transformation"
Guardian India,4.2,(407 Reviews),Private,"New York,NY + 5 more",163 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Guardian makes a difference in the lives of people when they need us most. With over 160 years of stability and fiscal integrity, we are a trusted advisor to generations of families and business owners, inspiring well-being and helping build financial confidence.

Today, we stand behind 29 million consumers, helping them prepare and plan for a bright future for themselves and their families. We help business owners care for their employees. And we help people recover and thrive in times of unexpected loss.

As a modern mutual insurance company, we believe in driving value beyond dividends. We invest in our colleagues and are building a progressive, innovative and inclusive culture. We uplift individuals and communities through thoughtful social and environmental programs.
when a community of immigrants joined together to insure and protect their businesses and families, doing the right thing for our policyholders and customers has guided everything we do.  Our dedication to customers has helped us remain one of the most highly rated in client satisfaction and financial strength. And as one of the largest mutual insurance companies, we know what matters most:  putting the needs of our customers first."
KMV Projects,4.2,(407 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 40 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Our capabilities are limited only by imagination as we encompass all facets of construction activity in our sphere. With limitations of space availability, prohibitive costs of land, raw material, and sustainability concerns, as well as budgetary and time parameters, contemporary engineering compels enveloping scientifically planned structures that optimize usage of these valuable resources.The concept of safe, cost effective, pollution free and energy efficient green buildings is vital to infrastructure development today. At KMV, each of these elements is diligently evaluated and every concern appropriately addressed, to give clients world-class constructions within specified time and cost considerations."
Medreich,3.7,(407 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 11 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Medreich is a fully integrated pharmaceutical company with an established presence across the globe. The company is involved in the CMO & CDMO business of pharmaceutical preparations in various dosage forms catering to diverse Therapeutic categories.
MattsenKumar,3.6,(407 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 6 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"For more than 15 years, MattsenKumar has been a pioneer in establishing and transforming contact center operations for leading organizations across the globe. With over 13 years of providing third party quality monitoring through our exclusive partnership with HyperQuality (an Avaya company now), quality has always been in our DNA.Our team not only focuses on providing successful transactional output, but also offers business analytics and process improvement strategies by leveraging our Business Insights expertise."
CGI Information ...,4.2,(407 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 5 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Lovely Professio...,3.6,(406 Reviews),Private,"Phagwara,Punjab + 18 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Lovely Professional University (LPU) is an ASSOCHAM’s National Education Excellence Award-winning institution and has also been ranked as top Education Brand of India in Economic Times. 

LPU is a multi-disciplined university and offers 200+ programs in 40+ disciplines. These programs are recognized by the statutory bodies of the Government of India in diverse fields of higher education including National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE), Distance Education Council (DEC), Pharmacy Council of India (PCI), Council of Architecture (COA) and Bar Council of India (BCI).

LPU has been created keeping the student aspiration and industrial requirement in mind. The infrastructure, curriculum, pedagogy and faculty work in synchronization to fulfil the motto and goal of the institution. The curriculum development involves multiple stages of refinement and one of the most important steps is the industry feedback. 

LPU has set the record for the highest placements in any of the North Indian universities three times in a row. Cognizant alone has taken 1900 students in three years from LPU. Presently LPU students are working worldwide with prestigious global companies like Google, Microsoft, Apple, Amazon and many more at salary packages of more than Rs one Crore.LPU’s infrastructure is unparalleled to any of the universities in India. It is a mini township. It has fantastic academic facilities, an eight-storied library and research block, hostel and accommodation facilities for over 20,000 students, a shopping mall, numerous eateries including brands like Domino’s and Café Coffee Day, plenty of workshop area, India’s first iMac Lab and various other facilities for students to grow and accomplish their goals. The university has recently invested hugely on its security systems and has stepped forward to become one of the safest campuses in the world."
Tata Power Delhi...,4.0,(406 Reviews),Private,"New Delhi,Delhi + 30 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tata Power Delhi Distribution Limited (established July 1, 2002) is a joint venture between Tata Power and Government of NCT of Delhi distributing electricity to a populace of 7 million across an area of 510 sq km in North and North West Delhi and a peak load of 1967 MW. Tata Power-DDL has been a frontrunner in implementing power distribution reforms in the capital city reducing the Aggregate Technical & Commercial (AT&C) losses from the inherited 53% to the present 8.48%.The company is implementing projects including Smart Metering, Home Automation, Smart Grid Project, Electric Charging Stations, Solar Rooftop Net Metering projects. The company is also providing technical and management support through consultancy assignments in 19 Indian states and abroad including Kurdistan, Turkey, Iraq."
Pristyn Care,3.9,(406 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 19 more",5 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Pristyn Care is a Gurgaon based healthcare startup, founded in 2018 by Harsimarbir Singh, Dr. Vaibhav Kapoor, and Dr. Garima Sawhney with a vision to provide patient-centric healthcare services throughout the journey from disease to health. Pristyn Care has an ecosystem of 80+ clinics, 400+ partner hospitals, and 140+ in-house super speciality surgeons for Proctology, Urology, ENT, Gynaecology, Vascular, Laser, and Laparoscopic surgeries. Pristyn Care operates in 22+ cities including Delhi NCR, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, Pune, Lucknow, Kanpur, Chandigarh, Jaipur, Indore, Nagpur, Bhopal, Ludhiana, Patna, Bhubaneswar, Coimbatore, Kochi, Ahmadabad, Agra, Gwalior.
 
 Every surgery at Pristyn Care is done using the most advanced medical technology and equipment. Patients are treated at the hands of super specialist surgeons who have been conducting surgeries for over 8-10 years.
 
 Pristyn Care ensures that the patient’s experience right from the discovery of the right doctor, to booking an appointment at the clinic, getting a detailed diagnosis done, booking tests at a diagnostic centre, getting insurance paperwork done, commute from home to the hospital & back on the day of the surgery, admission-discharge processes at the hospital, and follow-up consultation after the surgery - is hassle-free and care-filled."
Silaris Informat...,3.3,(406 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 15 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Silaris is a service provider of IT Enabled Services based out of India. Established in 2011 Silaris has transformed from a call center service provider to a Digital BPO and our digital solutioning has helped us to carve out a niche for BFSI vertical in India.

Our business philosophy is focused on “Service and Customer Delight” by providing quality service in keeping with the philosophies and culture of our customers with better cost efficiency.

Silaris service offerings are backed by digital solution tailor made basis our industry experience supported with business and artificial intelligence, speech analytics and Robotics."
Times Group,3.8,(716 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 40 more",185 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Bennett & Coleman Ltd (BCCL), the largest media conglomerate prides itself in being a powerhouse of successful Brands. Built on a strong foundation, 175+ years ago, BCCL started as a single publication. Today, its flagship brand, The Times of India, is the largest English daily, The Economic Times is the second largest business daily and Mumbai Mirror is the largest English tabloid amongst other brands. We have grown exponentially, driven by the indomitable spirit to question the conventional wisdom and “out of the box thinking” leading towards setting innovative benchmarks for the industry at large. Our reach is further extended through multiple mass communication mediums, namely, Radio (98.3FM), Online (Times Internet) & Broadcast (Times Now & Mirror Now). What sets us apart is our culture and the ability to attract, inspire and develop our talent pool. We are regarded as the most learning and innovative publishing companies. There is tremendous focus on pushing the boundary to generate and experiment fresh ideas and perspectives with collaboration and speed as our core foundation. Compassion and Care being at the core of our CLASIC Values, we are a disciplined team of people from different backgrounds. Our energy is harnessed towards creating a safe, ethical and caring workplace.

We are regarded as one of the most consistently innovative publishing companies. Our unique 'Brand Capital model' - which invests media capital, in turn for a stake in the prospective advertiser - is considered amongst the most innovative ideas in publishing. Watch a video to catch a glimpse of how Innovation has shaped our Growth!

Finest minds who inspire, strive and drive innovative initiatives, build trust and encourage employees to achieve optimal performance’ is the Hallmark of our leadership team. We are one internally cohesive and disciplined team of people from diverse backgrounds, who collaborate to write our success story.

We believe in shaping market trends and building a portfolio of solid, innovative brands which keep us ahead of competition. Our flagship brand, The Times of India, is the world’s largest circulating English daily and The Economic Times is the world’s second largest circulating English Business daily. We have continuously grown, driven by the indomitable spirit to question the conventional wisdom and change rules of the game."
Deepak Nitrite,4.1,(405 Reviews),Public,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujarat + 11 more",53 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The companies of the Deepak group have been working with the communities around their plants for the betterment of people’s lives since the early days. Especially concentrating on skill development, healthcare and women empowerment, we have made a difference to millions of lives."
Recpdcl.ltd,4.1,(405 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 59 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"REC Power Distribution Company Limited (REC PDCL) an ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 & OHSAS 18001:2007 certified company, a wholly owned subsidiary of REC Ltd., was incorporated with specific focus on developing and investing in electricity distribution and its related activities. It received certificate of commencement of business on July 31st,2007.The objective of setting up of RECPDCL was to capitalize on opportunities offered through the provisions of Section 4 and Section 5 of the Electricity Act, 2003. This Act, aims at opening up the electrification sector to various private players while exempting them from holding a license for distribution and retail supply."
Target,4.4,(404 Reviews),Private,"Minneapolis,Minnesota + 10 more",121 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Target, we have a timeless purpose and a proven strategy. And that hasn’t happened by accident. Some of the best minds from diverse backgrounds come together at Target to redefine retail in an inclusive learning environment that values people and delivers world-class outcomes.

That winning formula is especially apparent in Bengaluru, where Target operates one of the most advanced Global Capabilities Centers in the industry. Nearly every aspect of Target’s business is represented in Bengaluru, and a strong connection to HQ means ideas and results flow seamlessly across the globe. The India team works of some of Target’s most important strategies – things like AI, machine learning, in-house engineering, data science strategies, computer-generated imagery, and much more. The team is also building the technology infrastructure that enables new ways for guests to shop: Order Pickup, Drive Up, 2-Day shipping, and orders delivered by Shipt™.

Bengaluru’s influence on business isn’t limited to technology. It includes marketers, architects, designers, writers, and videographers, as well as experts in the supply chain, HR, finance, and many other areas. Innovation and inspiration are at the heart of everything we do, from our mature Target Accelerator Program to our one-of-a-kind internal Guest Experience Center. With a high-performing ecosystem that mirrors our U.S headquarters, Target in India is uniquely positioned to solve important business problems for Target, and the retail industry.

Finally, we believe that everyone should work someplace they love. We’re known for a fun, diverse, and inclusive culture; we’re a company that gives back to our community, and we’ve been recognized as a top employer in India. We offer the stability of growth in a mature organization, the pride of a much-loved brand, and the agility and excitement of a fast-paced innovative culture."
Aisin Automotive...,4.0,(404 Reviews),"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 15 more",12 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Aisin Automotive Haryana Private Limited is incorporated on 22 December 2011. It is Subsidiary of Aisin Seiki having headquarter in Kariya , Aichi, Japan. It is involved in manufacturing of automotive parts.

Aisin Automotive Haryana Pvt. Ltd. committed to and focused on creating high-quality components like [Outside Handle , Door Check , Door Hinge, Door Latch, Inside Handle] for Maruti Suzuki , Honda , Toyota , Suzuki Motors, Mahindra & Mahindra and systems for the automotive industry’s most demanding companies."
Pacific BPO,3.8,(404 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 9 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Pacific BPO, an Access Healthcare company, is a leading provider of cost and process optimization solutions to clients in the healthcare industry. We bring technology enabled, and analytics-driven transformation of revenue cycle processes of physician practices, hospitals, and revenue cycle intermediaries."
NetCracker,3.6,(404 Reviews),Private,Waltham + 6 more,30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a forward-looking software company, offering mission-critical solutions to service providers around the globe. As a wholly owned subsidiary of NEC Corporation, our comprehensive portfolio of software solutions and professional services enables large-scale digital transformations, unlocking the opportunities of the cloud, virtualization and the changing mobile ecosystem."
Renault,4.2,(679 Reviews),Private,Boulogne Billancourt Cedex + 128 more,125 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Renault India has achieved many milestones. With the launch of the Renault KWID, Renault India registered a growth of 160% in domestic sales in December 2015. In March 2016, Renault India launched the new Renault DUSTER which continues to further its market share. In November 2017, Renault India redefined India’s style statement with the launch of the Renault CAPTUR. In August 2019, Renault India offered ‘Space for Everything’ in a car with the launch of the super spacious, ultra modular Renault TRIBER."
Stanza Living,3.0,(403 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 21 more",6 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"You know, we've been there too. We too did move out of our hometowns, leaving behind everything that was ours. We too have felt lost in the noise of a new city.

That's why we created Stanza Living - a place designed by people who've been in your shoes. From the thickness of the mattress to the foosball table in the common area, you'll feel that care in every nook and corner of the house.

And before you can say ""I miss home"", Stanza Living will become your second one."
Rebel Foods,3.7,(403 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 44 more",11 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),Rebel Foods Private Limited owns and operates a chain of restaurants. The Company runs a range of Internet restaurants. Rebel Foods serves customers in India.
NoBrokerHOOD,3.8,(403 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 17 more,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"NoBroker was started with the aim to reduce information asymmetry in the Real Estate industry and provide customers with world-class service using cutting-edge technology. When we saw what was missing in the real estate industry, we created products to bridge the gap. But, when it came to home security, we saw many areas that needed work. That is why we created – NoBrokerHood.

Our founders Akhil Gupta, Amit Kumar Agarwal and Saurabh Garg understood the need to have a tech-enabled visitor and community management system, that aims to make life convenient, hassle-free, and secure for the residents of a gated community.

The constant movement of service staff (maids, drivers, courier services, delivery personnel, etc.) and guests can make security management an inconvenience. While most apartment buildings and residential complexes do have security measures in place, they are either outdated or rely heavily on manual record-keeping – which is time-consuming and sometimes ineffective.

Moreover, in larger societies, there is always doubt on the number of staff required to fulfil day-to-day tasks such as visitor management, accounting and so on. This can pose an issue for residents and other committee members to deal with issues like unauthorised visitor entries/vehicle parking and maintaining service staff attendance. Sometimes, residents are also required to respond to calls from the main gate to authorize entry - which might be troublesome if they are busy at that moment.

This is where NoBrokerHood comes to your rescue. We offer a plethora of services and features which enables our resident community to manage multiple activities from the comfort of their homes – from finding domestic help to monitoring visitor entry and pre-authorising guest visits, it can all be done by phone. We believe that it also further strengthens the security and safety of your society since NoBrokerHood keeps both visual and digital records of all entries and exits – accessible at any time from anywhere – and automates staff entry through a biometric process."
Ramco Systems,3.7,(402 Reviews),Public,Chennai + 13 more,26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ramco Systems is part of the USD 1 Billion diversified conglomerate, the Ramco Group of companies. Started as an R&D division of Ramco Industries Limited in 1992, Ramco Systems was later established as an independent company in 1997. Headquartered in Chennai, the company has 24 offices spread across India, USA, Canada, Europe, Australia, Middle East, South Africa and APAC. The company focuses on providing innovative business solutions that can be delivered quickly and cost-effectively in complex environments.

Ramco is a fast growing enterprise software player disrupting the market with its multi-tenanted cloud and mobile-based enterprise software in the area of HCM and Global Payroll, ERP and M&E MRO for Aviation. Ramco Systems focuses on Innovation and Culture to differentiate itself in the marketplace."
Aparajitha Corpo...,4.1,(402 Reviews),Private,"Madurai,Tamil Nadu + 50 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We have a presence in all the states and union territories of India and are recognized as the experts in labour and compliance laws and their complexities. Our large list of clientele ranges from start-ups to reputed large companies across all industries and segments.
Aparajitha started out in the year 2000 with a humble beginning of just 11 people. We began by providing flexi staffing services for clients in Tamil Nadu. Within a matter of 17 years, we have grown and transformed into a renowned HR compliance services provider with more than 1200 + core employees, and serving over 1000 clients all over India.
Our operations and services are guided by professionalism and principles that stem from our core values and business ethics: integrity, trust, continuous learning and partnering progress. Our goal is to build enduring long term relationships with our clients by partnering with them for mutual growth and benefit."
Scope Internatio...,4.1,(401 Reviews),Private,Mannheim + 4 more,22 years old,201-500 Employees (Global),"Scope International, the wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered Bank, UK, began operations in 2001. In less than seven years, Scope has grown from zero to over 6500 employees and services most of the 70 countries where the Standard Chartered Group has a footprint. Scope has moved ahead from being a cost-effective venture for the Group to becoming an integral part of its operations. It is housed in world-class facilities across five campuses in Chennai, all of which incorporate international health and safety standards."
Titan Eye Plus,4.4,(401 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 96 more",16 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (Global),"Titan Eyeplus, the eyewear business from Titan Company, was launched in March 2007. The move was an initiative to redefine the industry and straddle the marketplace with exacting quality standards, unparalleled in India’s prescription eyewear industry.Benchmarked against the best in the world, Titan Eyeplus heralds standardization in the eyewear industry. Following Tata‘s principles of quality and trust, the brand offers international quality standards enhanced by practices such as transparency in pricing, contemporary design and styling in the highly fragmented and undifferentiated Indian optical retail segment.Titan Eyeplus has over 550 exclusive stores operating in over 229 cities and offers a wide range of stylish and contemporary eyewear"
Courtyard by Mar...,4.2,(401 Reviews),Public,"Bethesda,Maryland + 31 more",96 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Courtyard Hotels is Marriott International’s largest hotel brand, with more than 1,100 hotels in over 50 countries worldwide. So, no matter where passion takes you, you’ll find us there to help you follow it."
Sun Life Financi...,4.4,(401 Reviews),Private,"Toronto,Ontario + 4 more",158 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sun Life is a Canadian financial services company and one of the largest life insurance organizations in the world, with a history spanning back to 1865. With over more than 30000 Employees and 89,000 advisors, we serve millions of clients across 26 countries.  

We offer a broad range of protection and wealth products and services to individuals, businesses, and institutions. We strive to help clients achieve lifetime financial security and live healthier lives. 

Sun Life Asia Service Centre's (ASC) journey started in 2006. Over the last 15 years, it has grown to a 3400 strong employee network. Based out of India and the Philippines, our employees are young, dynamic, and ready for challenges!

At Sun Life Asia Service Centers, our people matter! Our values make our corporate culture extremely unique. Our engaging and positive workplace culture supports and drives our performance and attitude. We invest time and effort in embedding a culture of inclusion through various training and workshops.

Asia Service Centre (ASC) provides Technology Solutions, Business Operations, and Knowledge Services support to Sun Life's global businesses. In the past three years, we have launched over 20 digital assets, including the Sun Life Mobile Application.  
In 2021, ASC India has been certified as a Great Place to Work® organization for the third time in a row! 

We have also been ranked 35th Organization in the 2020 Working Mother & Avtar 100 Best Company for Women in India - the biggest corporate Indian platform for benchmarking Gender Diversity initiatives. 

Sun Life was named one of the 2021 Global Most Sustainable Corporations in the World

For the 12th consecutive year, Sun Life has been recognized by Corporate Knights as one of the world's 100 most sustainable corporations. Corporate Knights is a Toronto-based media and investment research firm with one of the largest circulating magazines focused on business, society, and clean capitalism. 

ASC comprises 7% of the global employee network. Visit our website to know more.

Make life BRIGHTER
Through meaningful purpose-driven work, Sun Life Asia Service Centres provide Technology Solutions, Business Operations and Knowledge Services support to Sun Life's global businesses. 

Asia Service Centres comprise two centres based out of India and the Philippines. Over the last 15 years, we have evolved to a 3400+ strong employees organisation and provide 24x5 support. 

Technology-
Application development and management, Support, Testing, Digital, Data Engineering and Analytics, Infrastructure Services and Project Management.
Operations-
Business Processing and Support solution, Voice services (Client Care Centre).
Knowledge Services-
ALM & Financial Reporting Investment Operations supporting credit research, Equity Research and Financial modelling. Legal contracts and Actuarial support. Business Analytics Data Visualization & Insights.
Business Excellence-
ACMMI. Process Excellence Learning and Quality consultants.

50% of Android development on Mobile for Canadian market is being done at Asia Service Centres in Gurugram and Manila. We are driving 'Digital First' initiatives to create seamless, paperless and interactive employee engagement across platforms.

We have set up our 'Innovation Hub' with an intent to bring in business and start-up ecosystem together. We are testing and implementing technologies like WhatsApp for Business, Robotics, Optical Character recognition and AI for KYC processes amongst much ongoing proof of concepts. 

We are a family of like-minded professionals connected by our tenacity and passion for our purpose. Join our 3400+ strong family to make a difference!"
Jabil Circuit In...,4.1,(401 Reviews),Public,"St Petersburg,Florida + 8 more",57 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Jabil (NYSE: JBL) is a manufacturing solutions provider that delivers comprehensive design, manufacturing, supply chain and product management services for a wide array of industries—including automotive, transportation, consumer lifestyle and wearable tech, defense and aerospace, connected home and building, industrial and energy, enterprise and infrastructure, retail, healthcare devices, mobility, packaging and printing. Leveraging the power of over 200,000 people across 100 sites strategically located around the world, Jabil simplifies complexity and delivers value, enabling innovation, growth and customer success. Whether we’re serving one of the world’s largest and best-known brands or the most cutting-edge tech startups, our resolve never wavers. We share the same desires and values as our customers: in all we do, to make a difference by building a better, healthier, safer and cleaner world."
Saudi Aramco,4.5,(470 Reviews),Government,Dhahran + 24 more,90 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Saudi Aramco is the state-owned oil company of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and a fully integrated, global petroleum and chemicals enterprise.Over the past 80 years we have become a world leader in hydrocarbons exploration, production, refining, distribution and marketing.Saudi Aramco’s oil and gas production infrastructure leads the industry in scale of production, operational reliability, and technical advances. Our plants and the people who run them make us the world’s largest crude oil exporter, producing roughly one in every eight barrels of the world’s oil supply"
Magus Customer D...,3.6,(400 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 14 more",34 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Magus is a pioneer in Contact Center operations in the field of Customer Retention Services. At Magus, we have a fresh new perspective on how to manage customer relationships more effectively. We call it the “Magus Customer Dialog”."
Experis IT,3.2,(400 Reviews),Private,"Milwaukee,WI + 29 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Experis IT is a dedicated business unit of ManpowerGroup – a world leader in employment services for more than 60 years, and a pioneer in the industry. Experis IT accelerates business growth and careers by intensely attracting, assessing and placing specialized expertise in Information Technology. We precisely deliver in-demand talent for mission-critical positions, enhancing the competitiveness of the organizations and people we serve. We also apply our expertise to provide a suite of proven workforce solutions that improve our clients'​ productivity, efficiency and cost containment."
IL&FS Engineerin...,4.5,(400 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 43 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IL&FS Engineering and Construction Company Limited (IL&FS Engineering Services) is one of the leading multi-national Infrastructure Development, Construction and Project Management companies with more than two decades of rich and varied experience in executing landmark projects. The Company executes projects under various domains such as Buildings & Structures, Roads, Railways, Irrigation, Power, Ports, and Oil & Gas. IL&FS Engineering Services has been awarded IMS Certificates (ISO 9001:2008, ISO 14001:2004 & OHSAS 18001:2007) by TUV Nord, and is committed to the highest standards of quality, safety, health, and environment. To know more, please visit www.ilfsengg.com"
Schindler Group,3.9,(400 Reviews),Private,"Ebikon,Lucerne + 44 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Schindler was founded in 1874 in Lucerne, Switzerland, and is one of the world’s leading providers of elevators, escalators, and moving walks, as well as maintenance and modernization services. The Group has over 1 000 branch offices in more than 100 countries, as well as production sites and research and development facilities in the US, Brazil, Europe, China, and India.

Schindler manufactures, installs, services and modernizes elevators, escalators and moving walks for almost every type of building requirement worldwide. The company specializes in the latest-technology engineering, as well as mechanical and microprocessor technology products designed and rigorously tested for safety, comfort, efficiency and reliability.

Inspired by the vision of being the best service provider in the industry for its customers, Schindler will continue in the future to develop highly innovative and user-friendly mobility solutions and to deliver these to the world market.

Schindler products can be found in many well-known buildings throughout the globe, including office buildings, airports, shopping centers/retail establishments and specialty buildings."
Times Internet,4.0,(465 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 20 more",24 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"At Times Internet, we build premium digital products that simplify and enhance the everyday lives of people.  We are India’s largest digital products company with presence in a wide range of categories across news, entertainment, marketplaces and transactions.

Many of our products are market leaders and iconic brands in their own right. TOI, ET, Cricbuzz, Gaana, MX Player, Dineout, Indiatimes, MensXP, iDiva, NBT,  Gradeup among others are products that bring you closer to your interests and aspirations. 

Times Internet is an equal opportunity employer. We strongly believe and promote inclusivity and diversity. In 2018, we achieved overall gender pay parity as per an independent audit conducted by Aon Hewitt."
Dhanuka Agritech,3.8,(457 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 68 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Dhanuka Agritech Limited is one of India’s leading agrochemical Company and is listed by Forbes Magazine in the category of “200 Best under A Billion Companies in Asia Pacific”. The Company is listed with Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange of India. Dhanuka has been awarded Company of the Year (Agro Chemical Category) by Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) in 10th Biennial International Exhibition and Conference –India Chem 2018 and has been bestowed with many awards and recognitions from time to time. The Company has recently been recognized as “Great Place to Work for the year 2018-19”. Dhanuka has Pan-India presence through its marketing offices in all major states across India. The 3 manufacturing units with 40 warehouses and network of over 14 branch offices across the Indian geography caters to 7,200 distributors & approximately 75,000 dealers. Dhanuka’s workforce with more than 1,000 techno–commercial staff, supported by a strong R&D division and a robust distribution network helps Company to reach out to approximately 10 million Indian farmers with its products and services. Dhanuka’s R&D division has world class NABL Accredited Laboratories and has International collaboration with the world’s seven leading agrochemical Companies from US, Japan and Europe which helps Dhanuka to introduce the latest technology in Indian farmlands."
Rane Engine Valv...,4.0,(399 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 13 more",64 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"-Incepted In 1959 to manufacture valves and valve train components for various engine applications
-Cutting edge technology
-Latest manufacturing practices to keep abreast of technological advancements. ---Global excellence in product and process technologies
-Preferred supplier to Domestic OEMs like HMCL, HMSI, Ashok Leyland, Daimler, John Deere, Hyundai, etc.
-Clientele spread across Europe, North America and the Far Eastern markets including the best known brands such as Volkswagen ,BMW, Deutz ,Volvo, Progress Rail , MTU and Yamaha."
HBL Power System...,3.9,(399 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 38 more",46 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"About us. HBL Power Systems Limited is one of the world's leading manufacturers of advanced-technology batteries (Lead Acid, Nickel Cadmium & Special Defense) & DC systems for various industries."
Shivam Autotech,3.8,(398 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 15 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Shivam Autotech Limited , formerly known as Munjal Auto Components (MAC) commenced operations in September 1999 as a full fledged, autonomous wing of the HERO Group, a renowned corporate giant with $ 7.5 Billion turnover annually. With an Employee Strength of around 2500-3000 members, it manufactures and markets Components for the Auto Sector to an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM). Its current product offering includes different kinds of Transmission Gears & Shafts, Auto-electrical Components, Steering Components and Various Precision Engineering Components. Shivam Autotech Limited is one of the world’s largest manufacturer of Gears and shafts"
India Cements,3.9,(398 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 62 more",77 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),India Cements Limited is a cement manufacturing company in India. The company is headed by former International Cricket Council chairman N. Srinivasan. It was established in 1946 by S. N. N. Sankaralinga Iyer and the first plant was set up at Thalaiyuthu in Tamil Nadu in 1949.
Samunnati Financ...,4.5,(398 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 46 more",9 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"India’s largest agri enterprise, Samunnati is  an open agri-network to unlock the trillion-dollar plus potential of Indian agriculture with smallholder farmers at the center of it. Staying true to its name, Samunnati stands for collective growth & collective prosperity for the agri ecosystem. Samunnati does this by connecting players across the agriculture value chain and enabling affiliated Farmer Collectives and the larger ecosystem to be more efficient and productive through multiple technology enabled interventions and collaborative partnerships.

Headquartered in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, Samunnati has presence in more than 100 agri value chains spread over 22 states in India and has powered over $1Bn of gross transaction value in its journey so far. Samunnati currently has access to 1500+ Farmer Collectives with a member base of over 6 million farmers and envisions impacting 1 in every 4 farming households through its network by 2027."
Geojit Financial...,3.9,(398 Reviews),Public,Kochi + 107 more,36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Geojit is a leading investment services company in India with a growing presence in the Middle East. The company rides on its rich experience in the capital market to offer its clients a wide portfolio of savings and investment solutions. The gamut of value-added products and services offered ranges from Equities and Derivatives to Mutual Funds, Life & General Insurance and third party Fixed Deposits. The needs of around 10,47,000 clients are met via multichannel services - a countrywide network of over 460 offices, phone service, dedicated Customer Care Centre and the Internet."
Financial Softwa...,3.9,(397 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 24 more,32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Financial Software and Systems (FSS) is a leading global payment systems company, offering business value in the areas of electronic payment, financial transaction processing solutions and services.The company has earned the status of being a payments systems leader through a combination of established portfolio of technology solutions, state-of-the-art infrastructure and 25 years of experience in the payments domain. Headquartered in Chennai, India, FSS has established a global footprint in Africa, Australia, Canada, Europe, Middle East, Singapore and the United States of America."
Ramky Infrastruc...,4.1,(397 Reviews),Public,Hyderabad + 42 more,29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ramky Infrastructure Limited (Ramky Infra) is a flagship company of Ramky Group, One of the emerging leaders in the field of infrastructure development & environment management. Since the incorporation of its business in 1994, the Company has proudly completed a wide range of construction and infrastructure projects in various sectors such as water and wastewater, transportation (including terminals), irrigation, industrial construction (including SEZs & industrial parks), power transmission and distribution, buildings (including residential, commercial & retail property).

With the highly skilled team of over 2000 people, Headquartered in Hyderabad, Telangana, Ramky Infra has its offices in  23 states and 2 union territories to manage its business operations and an office at Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) to manage international operations. The pan-India presence has enabled the company to serve the growing infrastructure needs across the country. Ramky Infrastructure Ltd is a customer centric, environment concerned and development oriented company

Ramky Infra operates mainly in three principal business segments, the Construction Business is operated directly by the Company and the Developer business is operated through its subsidiaries & associates. Also, the international business is mainly handled in the offshore office at Sharjah, UAE.

Employing the public-private partnership model, Ramky has successfully utilized its core strengths and competencies to fulfill the cutting edge client requirements. The International Business is operated by the Ramky Infrastructure’s fully owned subsidiary in the UAE, Ramky Engineering and Consulting Services FZC, which takes up activities of overseas business explorations in areas such as infrastructure development, roads, and water & waste water

Ramky infra is ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 and OHSAS 18001:2007 certified for Quality Management Systems, Environment Management System and Occupational Health & Safety Management Systems which the Company applies to the design, development, engineering, procurement and construction of projects."
Centum Learning,3.7,(397 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 64 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Centum Learning is one of the most admired talent transformation organisations, enabling sustainable business & social impact through technology enabled solutions. An ISO 9001:2015 certified company, its mission is to improve business productivity and enhance youth employability. Centum Learning, with over 2700 learning and development specialists and their domain expertise in 21+ industry verticals, has trained more than 1.5 million people globally.

Centum Learning focuses on five key areas:
-Corporate Training
-Learning eXperience Platform (LXP/LMS)
-Vocational Education and Training
-Skills for Schools and Colleges
-Corporate Social Responsibility Partnerships"
Mindarika,3.8,(396 Reviews),JV,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 15 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Incorporated in 1992, Mindarika Pvt. Ltd. is a Joint Venture between Minda Industries Ltd. and Tokairika Co. Ltd.With almost 47% market share in its product range, the company is a market and technology leader in the field of Automotive Switches in India.With plants in Manesar, Pune and Chennai and 1000 plus employees, it is a supplier to all OEMs in 4 Wheeler and Commercial Vehicles segment. Major customers are Maruti Suzuki, Tata, Mahindra, Toyota, Honda, Nissan, Ford, GM, Volvo Eicher, VW, Ashok Leyland etc. The company also exports to Toyota, Torica and Ford"
MALABAR GOLD AND...,4.1,(396 Reviews),Private,Kozhikode + 64 more,30 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Malabar Group was founded in 1993 by a team of enterprising entrepreneurs, led by the visionary genius of Mr. M P Ahammed when he explored beyond his immediate circle in the agri-corp industry to establish a jewellery trading company in a historical city called Kozhikode. 

Since then, keeping alive the golden spirit of the brand, the Group has remained constant, in its successful forays nurtured by expertise, vision, and guidance, into a formidable business conglomerate. 

The HQ (headquarters) of Malabar Group located in Kozhikode shines bright as a beacon of success for an empire built on Trust, Teamwork, and Goodwill."
ZTE Corporation,4.1,(395 Reviews),Private,"Shenzhen,Guangdong + 41 more",20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"ZTE Corporation is a global leader in telecommunications and information technology. Founded in 1985 and listed on both the Hong Kong and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges, the company has been committed to providing integrated end-to-end innovations to deliver excellence and value to consumers, carriers, businesses and public sector customers from over 160 countries around the world to enable increased connectivity and productivity.

ZTE believes in technology innovation as a core value of the company, investing more than 10% of annual revenue in R&D. The company has established state-of-the-art global R&D centres in USA, Sweden, China and so forth. ZTE has filed applications for more than 74,000 patents, with over 37,000 granted. Since 2010, ZTE has been ranked among the world's Top-5 for patent applications under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) each year, according to the World Intellectual Property Organization.

As a member of the UN Global Compact, ZTE is committed to a vision of balanced, sustainable development in the social, environmental and economic arenas. Promoting freedom of communication around the world, the company has incorporated innovation, technological convergence and the concept of ""going green"" into the product life cycle. This includes R&D, production, logistics and customer service. The company is also committed to maximizing energy efficiency and minimizing carbon emissions. 

With Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) a key priority for the company, ZTE played an active role in relief efforts following events such as the 2015 earthquake in Nepal. ZTE also established the ZTE Special Children Care Fund, the largest charity fund of its kind in China.

Looking forward, the company will be committed to becoming a pioneer in telecommunications industry, taking the lead in standardization, technical perspective and commercialization, and driving innovations in telecommunications and ICT globally as the business and technology needs of the industry continue to evolve."
Toyo Engineeerin...,3.9,(395 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 28 more,47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"For four  decades, Toyo-India has grown from strength to strength and is now an epitome of progress and quality. Today, Toyo-India is a professionally managed corporate entity undertaking EPC, PMC or EPCM project assignments in diverse sectors such as Oil & Gas Refineries, Petrochemicals, and Fertilizers, Cryogenics, Infrastructure and Industrial solutions."
Acuity Knowledge...,3.7,(395 Reviews),London + 7 more,21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Acuity Knowledge Partners is a leading provider of high-value research, analytics and business intelligence to the financial services sector. The company supports over 300+ financial institutions and consulting companies through a team of over 2,500+ subject matter experts who work as an extension of the clients’ teams based out of various global delivery centres."
IBS Software Ser...,3.9,(395 Reviews),Private,"Thiruvananthapuram,Kerala + 7 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IBS Software is a leading SaaS solutions provider to the travel industry globally, managing mission-critical operations for customers in the aviation, tour & cruise, and hospitality industries. IBS Software's solutions for the aviation industry cover fleet & crew operations, aircraft maintenance, passenger services, loyalty programs, staff travel, and air-cargo management. IBS Software also runs a real-time B2B and B2C distribution platform providing hotel room inventory, rates, and availability to a global network of hospitality companies and channels. For the tour and cruise industry, IBS provides a comprehensive, customer-centric, digital platform that covers onshore, online, and on-board solutions. IBS Software is a Blackstone portfolio company and operates from 15 offices across the world."
Wuerth,3.9,(394 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 47 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The first Wuerth-Line company, Wuerth Group India opened its doors in Mumbai (1994). It was followed by three more companies, Bettina Wuerth India in Kolkata (2006), Reinhold Wuerth India in Chennai (2002) and Marion Wuerth India in Delhi (2004). In order to further strengthen and maximize the company’s growth all the four companies merged together as Wuerth India Pvt. Ltd. We have Many branches spread across the country that include sales offices and warehouses to ensure better market penetration in close proximity to our customers.Over the past decade, the number of employees increased from 26 up to 1000+ (2018)."
United Colors of...,4.3,(394 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 55 more",31 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"""Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world, present in the most important markets with a network of about 5,000 stores. A responsible group that plans for the future and lives in the present - with a watchful eye to the environment, to human dignity, and to a society in transformation - the Group has a consolidated identity comprised of colour, authentic fashion, quality at democratic prices and passion for its work. These values are reflected in the strong, dynamic personalities of the United Colors of Benetton brands.
United Colors of Benetton's commitment to social issues has always been a central feature of the brand that, through its communications campaigns and collaborations with leading non-profit organizations, makes the public reflect on social issues of universal relevance."""
Hella,4.1,(394 Reviews),Private,"Lippstadt,Lippstadt + 18 more",124 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Hella KGaA Hueck & Co. is an internationally operating German automotive part supplier with headquarters in Lippstadt, North Rhine-Westphalia."
Welspun Group,4.0,(1.4k Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 38 more,38 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Welspun is a fully integrated player within the Line Pipes and Home Textiles sectors, with a significant presence in Infrastructure development, spanning Roads, Water and Oil & Gas. As a globally recognised industry leader, the group has a worldwide reach panning more than 50 countries, and employing over 26,000 people across geographies, ethnicities and cultures.Welspun’s vast global footprint allows the group to leverage business associations with a marquee of esteemed clients, especially within the Oil & Gas and Retail sectors. In Line Pipes, we are the partners of choice for some of the most challenging projects for the largest players in the global Oil and Gas industry."
ATS Infrastructu...,3.9,(393 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 9 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""ATS understands the responsibility of building a home. Since 1998 with Mr. Getamber Anand
at its helm as the Chairman & Managing Director.

We have come a long way since, setting new standards in the real estate space with each project being better than the one last delivered while growing exponentially both in quality and profitability. The company witnessed a phenomenal growth with nearly 2.5 million square meter of residential space already delivered and 1.9 million square meter underway, nearly 25000+ satisfied customers, 3500 dedicated workforce, extraordinary in-house construction, security, facility and maintenance teams and unmatched brand equity. ATS aspires to expand its footprints in different geographies across the country. ATS homes are known for the soul their developments have, green surroundings, modern architecture, world-class amenities and a host of convenient facilities. With a focused approach through unprecedented professionalism and transparency, the company continues to achieve new milestones and celebrate the trust of customers who have bought homes with us in the last two decades. This trust arises when customers experience first-hand that their interests will always be the highest priority for ATS."""
Yatra,3.5,(393 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 18 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Yatra Online Pvt Ltd based in Gurgaon India, is one of India's leading online travel companies and operates the website Yatra.com. The company provides information, pricing, availability, and booking facility for domestic and international air travel, domestic and international hotel bookings, holiday packages, buses, trains, in city activities, inter-city and point-to-point cabs, homestays and cruises. As a leading platform of accommodation options, Yatra provides real-time bookings for more than 83,000 hotels in India and over 800,000 hotels around the world."
Centre for Devel...,3.7,(393 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 20 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) is the premier R&D organization of the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) for carrying out R&D in IT, Electronics and associated areas.  Different areas of C-DAC, had originated at different times, many of which came out as a result of identification of opportunities.
The setting up of C-DAC in 1988 itself was to built Supercomputers in context of denial of import of Supercomputers by USA. Since then C-DAC has been undertaking building of multiple generations of Supercomputer starting from PARAM with 1 GF in 1988.
Almost at the same time, C-DAC started building Indian Language Computing Solutions with setting up of GIST group (Graphics and Intelligence based Script Technology); National Centre for Software Technology (NCST) set up in 1985 had also initiated work in Indian Language Computing around the same period.
Electronic Research and Development Centre of India (ER&DCI) with various constituents starting as adjunct entities of various State Electronic Corporations, had been brought under the hold of Department of Electronics and Telecommunications (now MeitY) in around 1988. They were focusing on various aspects of applied electronics, technology and applications.
With the passage of time as a result of creative ecosystem that got set up in C-DAC, more areas such as Health Informatics, etc., got created; while right from the beginning the focus of NCST was on Software Technologies; similarly C-DAC started its education & training activities in 1994 as a spin-off with the passage of time, it grew to a large efforts to meet the growing needs of Indian Industry for finishing schools."
Hi Tech Gears,4.0,(392 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 30 more",37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Hi-Tech Gears is an auto component manufacturer offering solutions for Powertrain e.g. Transmission Gears & Shafts, Driveline components, Engine Gears and Power Take Off components, produced to the most exacting standards, for Passenger Cars, Commercial vehicles, Off-highway equipment and other non-automotive applications. We have fully integrated facilities from Forging to Finish Sub Assemblies with state of the art inspection labs. We are servicing diverse OEM clients across the globe."
KGISL,3.5,(392 Reviews),Private,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 4 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"KGiSL is a BFSI centric multiproduct Enterprise Software company focused on Banking, Insurance, Capital Markets, & Wealth Management segments. KGiSL by roots believe in being empathetic to customers and offering products and services that deliver incremental business outcome. Harnessing the power of Machine Learning (ML), Artificial Intelligence (AL), Analytics, Data Science and Cloud to empower our clients through our products and deliver Empathy based Outcomes backed by next Generation Customer Experience."
NRB Bearings,4.1,(392 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 16 more",58 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1965, NRB was the first company to manufacture needle roller bearings in India. For over 40 years NRB has pioneered the leading edge of bearing technology, and today over 90% of vehicles on Indian roads run on NRB parts. Since its inception, NRB has grown beyond its signature product to offer a wide range of high-precision friction solutions not only in the automotive sector, but across all mobility applications."
KGISL,3.5,(392 Reviews),Private,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 4 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"KGiSL is a BFSI centric multiproduct Enterprise Software company focused on Banking, Insurance, Capital Markets, & Wealth Management segments. KGiSL by roots believe in being empathetic to customers and offering products and services that deliver incremental business outcome. Harnessing the power of Machine Learning (ML), Artificial Intelligence (AL), Analytics, Data Science and Cloud to empower our clients through our products and deliver Empathy based Outcomes backed by next Generation Customer Experience."
Central Reserve ...,4.6,(391 Reviews),Govt Organisation,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 66 more",84 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"The Central Reserve Police Force came into existence as Crown Representative’s Police on 27th July 1939. It became the Central Reserve Police Force on enactment of the CRPF Act on 28th December 1949. It has completed 80 years of glorious history. The Force has grown into a big organization with 246 Bns, (including 208 executive Bns, 6 Mahila Bns, 15 RAF Bns, 10 CoBRA Bns, 5 Signal Bns and 1 Special Duty Group, 1 Parliament Duty Group), 43 Group Centres, 20 Training Institutions, 3 CWS, 7 AWS, 3 SWS, 4 Composite Hospitals of 100 bed and 17 Composite Hospitals of 50 bed."
Wapcos,3.9,(391 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 94 more",54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"WAPCOS Limited is a MINI RATNA-I Public Sector Enterprise under the aegis of Union Ministry of Water Resources, River Development & Ganga Rejuvenation, incorporated on June 26, 1969 under the Companies act. 1956; WAPCOS is a technology driven consultancy and EPC organization with strong global presence in the field of Water, Power and Infrastructure sectors. Engineering Excellence, Exceptional Workforce and Customer Centric Approach has enabled us to deliver projects consistently to our clients. WAPCOS has the requisite experience & expertise to undertake Consultancy & EPC projects of any scale and complexity in the sectors of its operation. Our portfolio of projects is both impressive and diverse in nature.WAPCOS as a techno-commercial organization utilizes the talent and expertise developed in the various organizations of Government of India and State Governments. WAPCOS is responsible for providing quality time bound services to the clients which is the very essence of WAPCOS operations. Transfer of appropriate technology to the Clients' personnel, which can be assimilated effectively and sustained efficiently on a long term basis, is the essence of WAPCOS' Services."
BT E Serv,4.2,(391 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 4 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),BT E-Serve (India) Private Limited provides computer processing and data preparation services.
Sunbeam Auto,3.8,(390 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 15 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Started with vision to provide world-class quality components to Automotive & Non-automotive segments, Sunbeam is today one of the largest player of Asia in the Aluminium Die Casting business. Its permanent focus is on establishing quality components and help automotive industry to come up with outstanding products. With best hands on technologies and expertise in this industry, Sunbeam is each day touching new heights to redefine excellence."
HomeLane,3.5,(390 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 21 more",9 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At HomeLane, we bring together functionality and aesthetics to provide homeowners with customized and efficient home designs. Our designers specialize in home interior designs and home décor and help you create a personalized home to suit your lifestyle. 

From sophisticated living room designs to space-saving and clutter-free interior designs, we are here to help you find the best home decor and home design to match your needs and style. All our products come with up to a 10-year warranty along with unwavering support and maintenance services. 

Explore thousands of inspiring interior designs or get a free estimate – it's all here on HomeLane.com, your one-stop for complete home interiors."
Dhani Loans and ...,3.6,(390 Reviews),"New Delhi,Delhi + 88 more",1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Dhani Healthcare,3.6,(390 Reviews),Gurgaon/Gurugram + 76 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Affinity Express,3.1,(389 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 4 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"AffinityX is the white label creative and marketing services partner behind the biggest names in local marketing. We are the secret weapon of the world’s best media companies, local agencies, marketing services companies, and more. Our purpose-built technology, local media expertise, and world-class infrastructure delivers more than 5 million fast-turn jobs per year, from logos to websites to programmatic advertising and beyond. AffinityX and Affinity Express are trademarks and sole property of Affinity Express, Inc."
Adarsh Credit Co...,4.1,(389 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 132 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Adarsh Credit Co-Operative Society Ltd. is, in every sense, a truly credit co-operative society. Adarsh started its operations in the year 1999 as a co-operative society primarily catering to the local masses in Rajasthan who came majorly from agricultural background. With a mission to uplift the weaker sections of the society from the rural areas of the country, Adarsh never shies away from exploring and embracing the latest techniques and technologies. Owing to this fearless approach, we have become the only credit co-operative society in India which has launched its own mobile application, accounting for over 99% of our business transactions.

In February 2008, we received the status of Multi-State Co-operative Society by the Ministry of Agriculture, Government of India. Adarsh boasts of having mutual status, which means we are owned by and run for the benefit of our members. Be it the branch network, advisor strength or deposit procurement, Adarsh is second to none in the credit co-operative sector. We take pride in powering India’s co-operative movement by ‘financial inclusion’ with more than 800+ branches, 2 million members, 3.7 lakh advisors, and almost Rs. 8,410 crores of deposit."
nThrive Global S...,4.1,(389 Reviews),Private,Alpharetta + 6 more,20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"From Patient-to-Payment,℠ nThrive empowers health care for every one in every community.℠ We transform financial and operational performance to enable health care organizations to thrive. We integrate our knowledge and advisory services across the entire revenue cycle and we are accountable to our clients – not payor or provider owners – ensuring unbiased and focused health solutions that best meet their needs."
Qatar Airways,4.3,(389 Reviews),Private,Doha + 17 more,30 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Qatar Airways is proud to be one of the youngest global airlines to serve all six continents, and thanks to our customers’ response to our offerings, we are also the world’s fastest-growing airline. We connect more than 160 destinations on the map every day, with a fleet of the latest-generation aircraft, and an unrivalled level of service from our home and hub, the Five-star airport, Hamad International Airport in Doha, the State of Qatar.
Travel today involves a mix of short, medium and long-haul segments, with more people travelling than ever before. With the breadth of network coverage today, virtually no destination is unreachable. This is why the commitment to service is paramount; as our guests are travelling farther and more frequently than ever before, the experience on board is an important part of the journey itself.
Since our launch in 1997, Qatar Airways has earned many awards and accolades, becoming one of an elite group of airlines worldwide to have earned a 5-star rating by Skytrax. Voted Airline of the Year by Skytrax in 2011, 2012, 2015, 2017 and most recently in 2019, Qatar Airways has won the confidence of the travelling public. We have accomplished these goals by focusing on the details – how we run the business, and how you experience our airline.
My goal is to make Qatar Airways your airline of choice, offering the flights you want to the destinations you need. That drives this team of more than 46,000 professionals every day, and will continue to motivate us to make Qatar Airways your only airline."
Eli Research,3.3,(388 Reviews),Private,Faridabad + 7 more,32 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Enterprise Growth Accelerator (formerly Eli India) isn’t a typical offshore company. We’re dedicated exclusively to helping entrepreneurs in the Eli Global family explore, launch, and develop Indian offices for their portfolio or service unit. Our specialists in marketing, IT, finance, operations, and more make it easy for Eli business owners and operators to run their business out of India and elsewhere. If you want to decrease costs, expand your portfolio, and join the growing number of Eli businesses establishing a presence in India, Enterprise Growth Accelerator can help you achieve your goals."
House Of Anita D...,4.2,(388 Reviews),Private,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 37 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"From an early age, Anita Dongre knew she wanted to helm her own fashion house. Having spent her summer holidays growing up in Jaipur, and later armed with a degree in Fashion Design, Anita’s influences were apparent right from her first collection. Her signature style showed an affinity for indigenous craft tradition, coupled with a modern aesthetic that soon made Anita Dongre one of India’s leading fashion designers.

The Anita Dongre Foundation has given countless rural women an equal voice by providing them with livelihood opportunities and skill training. An ethical vegan, environmentalist and revivalist of local craft, Anita advocates compassionate living, which is why her designs do not use any fur or leather. She shares this worldview with her sister Meena Sehra and brother Mukesh Sawlani, who work alongside her."
JK Paper,4.0,(388 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 26 more",61 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"JK Paper Ltd. has two large integrated paper manufacturing units – JK Paper Mills, Rayagada, Odisha and Central Pulp Mills, Songadh, Gujarat with a combined capacity of 4,55,000 TPA. It is the market leader in Branded Copier paper segment and among the top two players in Coated Paper and high-end Packaging Boards. Its products are sold through extensive distribution network of 188 wholesalers, 10 depots & 4 regional marketing offices, and covering nearly 4,000 dealers. It offers a wide product range and its brands are synonymous with premium quality paper. Wide Product PortfolioOffice papers- JK Cedar , JK Copier, JK Easy Copier, JK Sparkle ,JK Copier Plus and JK Excel Bond. New brands 'JK CMax' and JK Max have established presence in market place.Packaging boards- JK TuffCote, JK Ultima ,JK TuffPac , JK IV BoardPrinting & Writing Papers- JK Cote , JK Ledger, JK SHB, JK Evervite, JK Finesse ,JK Elektra, JK Lumina, JK Ultraprint, JK Esay DrawSpeciality Papers- MICR Cheque paper, Parchment , Cedar digitalLeading exporter of Branded Copier Papers from India with exports to 35 countries.JK Paper has recently invested substantially (about Rs 1775 crore) in expanding and modernising our capacity at JK Paper Mills Rayagada. It involved state-of-the-art machines with 1,65,000 TPA of paper capacity and a pulp mill with 2,15,000 TPA. This has significantly reduce water and energy usage.As part of a larger commitment & respect for environment, the Company has sustained its efforts for increasing the green cover within 200 Km area from the plant sites at Jaykaypur, Distt. Rayagada (Odisha) and Fort Songadh (Gujarat). It has planted close 17,000 Ha in 2014-15 under this programme. Most of these are planted with Eucalyptus, Casurina and Subabul clones as per requirement. The planted area was 14% higher than previous year thus taking the total coverage under the programme to 1.33 Lakh Ha. ABOUT US"
Labcorp Drug Dev...,4.2,(388 Reviews),"Burlington,North Carolina + 6 more",45 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"We’re always striving for innovations in drug development
We look to the future and work tirelessly to test new drugs, treatments and therapies. Labcorp supports clinical trial activity in approximately 100 countries, generating more safety and efficacy data to support drug approvals than any other company."
K Raheja Corp,4.3,(2.3k Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 15 more,67 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"K Raheja Corp is a success story spanning four decades and stands today as one of India’s leading developers.

From exquisite residences to adaptive workplaces, skillfully created hotels and convention centers to outstanding retail destinations, the K Raheja Corp has made a significant impact on the evolution of modern-day living. 

K Raheja Corp delivers aspirational spaces with distinct characteristics and attributes, making each of its offerings unique. The Company has also been ahead of the curve in the green development sector. Pioneering the industries’ responsibility towards contributing to a green society, it signed a memorandum of understanding with the CII-Green Building Council to construct green buildings, back in 2007. 

Apart from its eco-friendly constructions, K Raheja Corp is committed to developing large, green expanses across the country. With its buildings certified in the categories of Gold and Platinum, it has been recognized with awards across prestigious forums.

Backed by the belief that ‘people are a company’s greatest asset and competitive advantage’, K Raheja Corp leads the way with exemplary HR policies, judiciously collated from the best across industries, to ensure employee engagement and fulfillment.

With the upsurge in the Indian real estate sector, K Raheja Corp is one of the main proponents that will level the playing field for India with other developed economies."
Vadilal Industri...,4.2,(389 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 57 more",116 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Today, Vadilal  is India’s leading food & beverage company with a mission of spreading smiles across the world. We provide customers with the best tasting food products of the most premium quality. Mr. Rajesh Gandhi is the Chairman and Mr. Devanshu Gandhi is the Managing Director for Vadilal. Over the last couple of decades, Vadilal has become a name to reckon with in the Indian ice cream and processed foods sector.

We aim to become an Indian MNC in ice creams and frozen foods, and to provide products and services at an affordable price without compromising on quality. The success element of Vadilal Industries is its strong brand identity, good product quality, timely supply and extensive reach.

A major element of success has been its ability to cater to different market segments through multiple product ranges. Vadilal has the largest range of ice creams in the country with 150 plus flavours."
Zoho,4.3,(387 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 13 more,27 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Software is our craft and our passion. At Zoho, we create beautiful software to solve business problems. We believe that software is the ultimate product of the mind and the hands. 

But as much as we love building beautiful software, we think our people and company culture are our most important assets. Our engineers spend years mastering their craft, bringing together decades of engineering expertise to produce a real work of art. When you choose Zoho, you get more than just a single product or a tightly integrated suite. 

You get our commitment to continuous refinement and to improving your experience. And you get our relentless devotion to your satisfaction.
Zoho is committed to spending your money wisely. We invest more in product development and customer support than in sales and marketing. It always struck us as paradoxical to charge the customer extra for the privilege of marketing back to them. 

By keeping our cost of attracting customers low, we keep our prices affordable and pass the savings on to our users.

We’re gentle in our sales approach, so we don't push our people to push you. You won’t find us trying to endlessly upsell you, or buying your loyalty through multi-year contracts. And with growth that regularly outstrips our competitors, we know that this model works.

We’ve stayed private and we’ve never taken other people’s money. Neither will change. This keeps us independent and beholden to only the customer, permitting a long-term view to naturally unfold. We are private, but far from small. 

With nearly 11,000 employees across the globe, our style of unconventional thinking seems to have paid off."
Adani Enterprise...,4.1,(387 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 40 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Adani Enterprises Limited is the flagship entity of the Adani Group, one of India’s largest business conglomerates. The US$ 11 bn Group enjoys significant interests across resources (coal mining and integrated coal management), logistics (ports and logistics, shipping and rail), energy (power generation and transmission) and ancillary industries. Through these businesses, the Adani Group is integrated to the core of the world’s largest democracy, touching millions of lives.
Adani Enterprises is one of the fastest growing diversified conglomerates with business interests across – Integrated Coal Management and mining, solar cells and module manufacturing, agri-storage infrastructure and services as well as edible oils and food products.
This business mix - business-to-business and business-to-consumer – is directed at enhancing access to basic services (electricity through timely coal availability), creating a less polluted world, delivering quality food grain and providing healthy cooking media. In doing so, the Company contributes to create a better world."
Magneti Marelli ...,3.9,(387 Reviews),Private,Pune + 14 more,15 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Magneti Marelli Motherson Auto System Private Limited (MMM) is a joint venture with Motherson Group, India and Magneti Marelli, Italy which is a leading company in designing and production of systems and components for the automotive sector.

The company is into automotive lighting products, integrated plastic air intake manifold assembly and pedal box module.

MMM has in-house design capability for the above products along with the manufacturing capabilities including plastic injection molding, surface coating, metalizing, welding, testing & assembly and in house photometry lab, etc. The company has 4K injection molding facility for rear lamp lenses which is unique in India."
Travel Food Serv...,4.0,(387 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 20 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Travel Food Services (TFS) is India’s leading travel F&B and Retail Company, with over 300 outlets and 19 lounges across travel-hubs including Airports, Railway Stations and Highways spread across 18 cities. Founded by one of India’s leading hospitality giants, K Hospitality Corp in 2009, TFS is backed by K Hospitality Corp’s 47-year-old expertise across the F&B industry. With major concessions across key airports including Delhi, Mumbai, Goa, Chennai, Kolkata and Bengaluru, TFS is transforming the travel experience for over 90 million travelers through a variety of cuisines across its diverse formats of restaurants, cafes, bars, food courts, and lounges"
Jubilant Generic...,4.2,(387 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 14 more",10 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Jubilant Pharma Limited is a global integrated pharmaceutical company offering a wide range of products and services to our customers across geographies. Our business is organized in three segments – Specialty Pharmaceuticals, Contract Development Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) and Generics. We organize our pharma business into three segments. Firstly, ‘Specialty Pharmaceuticals’ comprising Radiopharmaceuticals (including Radiopharmacies) and Allergy Therapy Products. our ‘CDMO’ segment, comprising Contract Manufacturing for Non-Oral Formulation and Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients."
Saudi Binladin G...,4.4,(387 Reviews),Private,"Jeddah,Riyadh + 22 more",92 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Saudi Binladin Group, known as Binladin Group Global Holding Company since 2019, is a multinational construction conglomerate and is headquartered in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia"
MasterCard,4.2,(405 Reviews),Private,"Purchase,New York + 9 more",57 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"As a technology company in the global payments business, we operate the world’s fastest payments processing network, connecting consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments and businesses in more than 210 countries and territories. Mastercard’s products and solutions make everyday commerce activities – such as shopping, traveling, running a business and managing finances – easier, more secure and more efficient for everyone."
TIAA Global Busi...,4.3,(386 Reviews),Private,"Manhattan,New York + 5 more",105 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America-College Retirement Equities Fund, is a Fortune 100 financial services organization that is the leading provider of financial services in the academic, research, medical, cultural and governmental fields."
Genesys Internat...,3.7,(386 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 10 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GENESYS is a Pioneer in providing Advanced Mapping, Survey and Geospatial Services since 1995.With 2000+ professionals, Genesys has worked on some of the world's most challenging projects. We have a unique blend of understanding the emerging consumer applications around mapping technology. Our Geospatial expertise ranges from LiDAR, Aerial Imagery to 2D/3D mapping across various industries including urban, telecom, mining, agriculture, navigation, infrastructure etc. Ability to scale up our team and quick turnaround time has led Genesys to successfully execute many voluminous international projects.We are one of the largest LIDAR acquisition and processing service provider in the world."
Essjay Ericsson,4.0,(386 Reviews),Private,Delhi + 72 more,52 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Essjay Ericsson Private Limited is a Private incorporated on 01 January 1971. It is classified as Non-govt company and is registered at Registrar of Companies, Delhi. Its authorized share capital is Rs. 2,000,000 and its paid up capital is Rs. 1,860,000.It is inolved in OTHER BUSINESS ACTIVITIES  Essjay Ericsson Private Limited's Annual General Meeting (AGM) was last held on 27 September 2016 and as per records from Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), its balance sheet was last filed on 31 March 2016.  Directors of Essjay Ericsson Private Limited are Shachindra Singh Motial, Rohit Chandra, Sushilkumar Jiwarajka, Kushma Sushilkumar Jiwarajka,"
Renovision Autom...,3.6,(386 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 57 more,17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Renovision Automation Services Pvt. Ltd., a group company of OA Compserve Group, was founded in 2006. OA Compserve Group was incorporated in 1990 under the flagship of Mr. R.K. Malhotra, hence we have an experience of around 18 years in our line of businesses.  RASPL is a service partner for India’s largest IT giant, Wipro Infotech Limited. The Manpower strength is around 1600 people mostly technical in nature Head Quartered in New Delhi, RASPL has branch offices in Kolkatta, Jamshedpur, Bhubaneshwar & Patna."
Mynd Solutions P...,3.9,(386 Reviews),Private,"Kelowna,British Columbia + 25 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mynd Integrated Solutions is a key global Business Process Management (BPM) service provider, delivering exceptional services in the domain of business process and technology management. We provide a vast array of services in four major business verticals including Finance and Accounting (FAO), Human Resource Outsourcing (HRO) and Consulting. We drive the business growth of our esteemed clients through unique IT, process knowledge and research capabilities in combination with our extensive and varied industry experience."
Epsilon,4.1,(426 Reviews),Private,Texas + 13 more,54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Epsilon is a global marketing company with offices around the world. For more than 40 years, we’ve been helping brands improve their marketing, build better customer relationships and find new customers.

Our clients trust us to know consumers better than anyone. They know we’ll help them reach the right consumers at the right times and places—online and offline—and create emotional connections. What they’ve come to expect from us:

1 : Unrivaled customer data and insights

2 : World-class technology integration and implementation

3 : Data-driven, highly personalized creative

4: Campaigns with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach

5: Program strategy, design and execution

6: Continuous measurement and optimization

That’s how we help Fortune 500 companies keep growing, day in and day out. We can do the same with yours."
Avalon Technolog...,4.0,(385 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 8 more",21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"In 2002, Avalon was founded on a simple premise – IT professionals who have worked on both the data center and consulting side are better equipped to understand different IT environments and the optimal product configurations that work best in each.  We are collaborators, not sales people.  We are authentic, approachable and highly responsive.Avalon is a proud 100% Dell Partner.  As a Dell Partner, Avalon has an inside track on the latest hardware, software and services that help eliminate IT complexity for customers while gaining greater efficiencies in performance and cost. It really can be that simple.Avalon’s Innovation Center is our hot-bed of activity. Internally, we use the center to create and replicate client environments, to test and validate strategies that can later be implemented for the client. Externally, our Innovation Center offers a robust schedule of IT training and workshops throughout the year showcasing Avalon’s solutions.  We use these training sessions to help clients maximize their investment and utilize industry best practices."
MPS Limited,3.9,(385 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 14 more",53 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MPS is a global leader in content platforms and learning solutions. Our services help major enterprises, publishers, libraries, and content aggregators in achieving their academic and professional goals. We have been at the forefront of content and learning since our inception in 1970 as the Indian subsidiary of Macmillan (Holdings) Limited, an esteemed British publishing company.

Our vision is to make learning smarter, and in the past five decades, we have developed significant in-house capabilities to meet the high standards of our customers. We also made key acquisitions in our journey that allowed us to take advantage of the evolving digital media space. Today, we are powered by a team of over 3000 people across India, North America, Canada, and Europe."
Poorvika Mobiles,4.8,(385 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 63 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Poorvika Mobiles Pvt Ltd is a leading multi-brand retail chain outlet headquartered in Chennai and founded by Mr. Uvaraj Natarajan, the CEO. The company's main business involves selling smartphones, accessories, and gadgets all over India. The company has set up more than 470+ one-stop mobile stores across various cities in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Kerala, and Pondicherry in the last 18 years. Poorvika prides itself on its deep understanding of customers' needs and well-trained staff, which are its biggest strengths. A workforce of over 7000+ knowledgeable and committed professionals sets apart Poorvika from other retail chains by ensuring each customer who walks into its showroom is greeted with a warm Vanakkam and attended to with the highest levels of Integrity, Professionalism, and Service. Poorvika has more than 60 lakhs of well-cared for and satisfied customers who depend on Poorvika for their communication needs. To create a stronger footprint on the online platform, Poorvika is planning to hire online professionals and candidates who are skilled in enhancing the brand and our business across multiple online platforms."
Astral Adhesives,4.0,(384 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 65 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Astral Adhesives manufactures a diversified range of adhesives, sealants, putties and construction aids. Our strength to do backward integration in almost all product categories, has given us a distinct advantage. Which is to maintain our quality standards, and develop innovative products. This has helped us to meet the requirements of our customers."
Atkins,4.1,(384 Reviews),Private,London + 15 more,85 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Atkins is one of the world’s most respected design, engineering and project management consultancies. 

We build long-term trusted partnerships to create a world where lives are enriched through the implementation of our ideas.

On July 3, 2017, Atkins was acquired by SNC-Lavalin.  Founded in 1911, SNC-Lavalin is a global, fully integrated professional services and project management company and a major player in the ownership of infrastructure.  The combined entity of Atkins and SNC-Lavalin has created one of the largest global engineering and project management consultancies with approximately 50,000 employees and operating across 50 countries."
Vijay Sales,4.2,(383 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 32 more",56 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Offering guests the best in quality and service has been the primary principle at Vijay Sales since its inception as a partnership firm by Mr. Nanu Gupta, a visionary with astute business acumen and foresight.A marvellous journey that began with a small Electronics Showroom at Mahim in 1967, Vijay Sales has since evolved and has become one of India’s biggest retail chains."
Accolite Digital,3.8,(383 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,Texas + 9 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Accolite Digital is a best-in-class digital transformation services provider that delivers design-led, complex digital transformation initiatives to Fortune 500 clients. Our differentiated services span digital product engineering, cloud and DevOps, data and AI, customer experience, cyber security, and design services. 

Accolite Digital provides these services to the banking and financial services, insurance, technology, media and telecom, healthcare, and logistics industries. Our people are the heart of our business. We are a growing team of world-class technologists, passionate about helping our clients solve their most pressing technology challenges. Driving customer success is one of our core values, and we leverage our expertise to guide our clients from vision to reality, enabling them to respond to disruptive technologies and stay ahead of the curve. 

Accolite has a presence across the United States, Canada, Europe, and India, with digital labs in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Gurugram, and Chennai.

For more information visit: www.accolite.com"
Jaro Education,2.9,(383 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 13 more",14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Jaro Education is one of the leading Ed-Tech company in the Indian education sector, catering to the needs of working professionals by offering varied management programs through online mode with the best-in-class learning methodology"
Franklin Templet...,4.3,(560 Reviews),Private,San Mateo + 13 more,76 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Since 1947, our firm has been dedicated to delivering exceptional asset management for institutional, retail, and high-net-worth clients. Find out what gives us our unique investment perspective.

With more than 600 investment professionals1 in 25 countries around the world, we are uniquely positioned to look beyond the largest or most visible securities in each market to spot smart global investments that meet our rigorous investment criteria. Our firsthand understanding of local culture, companies, and economies sets us apart as a truly global partner."
Levi Strauss & C...,4.4,(386 Reviews),Public,"San Francisco,California + 65 more",170 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We’re a company of people who like to forge our own path. We invented the blue jean in 1873, and we reinvented khaki pants in 1986. We pioneered labor and environmental guidelines in manufacturing. And we work to build sustainability into everything we do. We just might be the original startup. Our brands — Levi’s®, Dockers®, Denizen® and Signature by Levi Strauss & Co.™ — stand for freedom and self-expression around the world. And for more than 160 years, we’ve used the strength of our brands to lead with our values and make an outsized impact on the world."
ChannelPlay,3.8,(382 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 49 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Almost everything we do involves selling, or creating a better environment for selling, or providing an enabler for selling. Our Sales Outsourcing and Sales Training services ensure the availability of appropriate human resources for selling, our Visual Merchandising and Loyalty Programs help us create effective and motivated retail environments. Further, our Mystery Shopping and Market Research services help measure performance and drive improvements."
Gestamp,3.8,(381 Reviews),Private,"Madrid,Community Of Madrid + 5 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Gestamp is an international leader in the design, development and manufacture of automotive components for the main automotive manufacturers. Gestamp is specialized in developing innovatively designed products to achieve increasingly safer and lighter vehicles and, thereby, reducing energy consumption and environmental impact. The Company works with the largest world manufacturers in order to look for solutions focused on reducing car weight. Moreover, Gestamp also works on safety in case of collision in all its product range: body, chassis and mechanisms. For this reason, the 16 main world automotive groups trust Gestamp for equipping more than 800 vehicles with components manufactured by the Spanish company."
Orient Cement,4.4,(381 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 48 more",44 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in 1979, Orient Cement was formerly, a part of Orient Paper & Industries. It was demerged in the year 2012 and since then, it has emerged as one of the fastest growing and leading cement manufacturers in India. Orient Cement began cement production in the year 1982 at Devapur in Adilabad District, Telangana. In 1997, a split-grinding unit was added at Nashirabad in Jalgaon, Maharashtra. In 2015, Orient Cement started commercial production at its integrated cement plant located at Chittapur, Gulbarga, Karnataka. With a total capacity of 8 MTPA, they serve Maharashtra, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and parts of Madhya Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Gujarat and Chhattisgarh.
The product mix includes Pozzolana Portland Cement (PPC) & Ordinary Portland Cement (OPC) marketed under the brand name of Birla.A1 – Birla.A1 Premium Cement and recently launched Birla.A1 StrongCrete.
With focus on resilience and durability, the company has created benchmarks in the industry with the quality of its products. It is certified for QMS ISO 9001:2015, EMS ISO 14001:2015, OHSMS 45001:2015, ISO 19011:2018, ISO 50001:2011, ISO 27001:2013. Orient Cement is one of the only two Indian cement companies to be awarded the prestigious TPM (Total Plant Maintenance) excellence award by the Japan Institute of Plant Maintenance. The company has also received numerous awards for green and safety practices including ‘GreenPro Certification’ by CII – Green Products and Services Council for its product Birla.A1 Premium Cement (PPC).
Orient Cement stands for strength and trust, and has established a reputation for the same with the use of only high-grade raw materials. The products are suitable for all types of industrial, residential and commercial constructions."
Molex,3.9,(380 Reviews),Private,"Lisle,Illinois + 9 more",85 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Molex is a leading global supplier of advanced electronic components and solutions. Every day, we design and manufacture solutions that make your life easier. Whether it’s inside the latest smartphone, the trusted home appliance or the connected car, you’ll find our innovation everywhere!"
My Home Industri...,4.2,(380 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 45 more",26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"""My Home Industries Pvt. Ltd, part of a leading 4000cr business conglomerate- My Home Group headquartered at Hyderabad. My Home Industries, manufacturer of world-class Maha Cement, is a renowned name in the industry. To suit various construction needs of different geographies, Maha Cement has various brands under its name. All the products surpass the standards set by Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS).
At My Home Industries Pvt. Ltd. (MHIPL), every process is closely monitored and controlled, right from the selection of raw materials each process is cautiously carried out through each and every stage until the finished product is packed and dispatched. The product ensures easier workability, lesser permeability, guards all the structures against nature’s fury, shields against corrosion and promises longer life.
MHIPL has a joint venture with CRH Plc Ireland, the international leader in building materials. The growth and success of CRH is founded on its exceptional commitment and capabilities. Sharing the common vision of excellence, MHIPL and CRH as one entity, is fast emerging as a leading force in the Indian cement industry.
MHIPL has grown from an annual capacity of 0.2 million tonnes to a staggering 10 million tonnes within a short span of 19 years.The company is planning to further increase its annual capacity in the near future."""
Bpo Convergence,3.6,(380 Reviews),Private,"Bhubaneswar,Odisha + 21 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"BPO Convergence is a leading provider of VALUE in Business / Knowledge Process Outsourcing Services with emphasis on cost-effective & quality solutions, which are sustainable and with the integrated working with clients,"
Radical Minds,2.9,(380 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 8 more",13 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We would like to introduce The Radical Minds Technologies; our group of companies is a leading provider of consulting, outsourcing and staffing services to Fortune 500 and mid-market clients. A workforce of expert professionals (worldwide) is constantly endeavoring to add value to clients worldwide. Our India BPO operations run under the brand name Radical Minds Technologies Pvt. Ltd. is one of the leading call center in the field of travel, hospitality, food/Logistics; BFSI with a total employee strength of 5500+ today growing rapidly to be over 7000 employees in the next 9-12 months (Gurgaon, New Delhi, Bangalore, and Mumbai), primarily headquartered at Gurgaon. Another new facility, In North Zone (Noida/Dehradun) coming up soon. At Radical Minds our clients are presented with a value-driven approach to BPO, we offer the broadest range of BPO services underpinned by operational excellence and cost-effectiveness, therefore lowering costs is just a small benefit as compared the other services offered here."
Magna Internatio...,3.9,(380 Reviews),Public,Aurora + 13 more,66 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Magna believes that strong corporate governance practices are essential to fostering stakeholder trust and confidence, management accountability and long-term shareholder value. Our approach to corporate governance is described under “Corporate Governance Overview” in our most recent management information circular/proxy statement. It is also set out in our Board Charter, which can be found under “Corporate Governance Documents” in this section of the website. Our Board Charter is reviewed at least annually and updated as needed to reflect evolving best practices in corporate governance."
Central Public W...,4.1,(380 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 88 more",169 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"CPWD came into existence in July, 1854 when Lord Dalhousie established a central agency for execution of public works and set up Ajmer Provincial Division. Through the professional expertise in disciplines including Architecture, Engineering, Project Management coupled with comprehensive experience in building construction and maintenance CPWD has been serving the nation for last 164 years and has executed priority of works in difficult and demanding geographical and climatic conditions. It has now grown into a comprehensive construction management department, which provides services from project concept to completion, consultancy and maintenance management.

It is headed by DG who is also the Principal Technical Advisor to the Government of India. The regions and sub-regions are headed by Special DGs and Additional DGs respectively, while the zones in all state capitals (except a few) are headed by Chief Engineers.

CPWD has PAN India presence and has ability to undertake construction of complex projects even in difficult terrain and maintenance in post construction stage. CPWD had been involved in construction of stadiums and other infrastructure requirements for Asian Games 1982 and Commonwealth Games 2010.

Zeal and spirit of endeavour of CPWD officers have taken the organization beyond national boundaries. CPWD is right now engaged in construction of Afghan Parliament Building."
Carborundum Univ...,4.0,(397 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 26 more",69 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1900, the INR 295 billion Murugappa Group is one of India's leading business conglomerates. The Group has 28 businesses including eight listed Companies actively traded in NSE & BSE. Headquartered in Chennai, the major Companies of the Group include Carborundum Universal Ltd., Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Ltd., Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Ltd., Coromandel International Ltd., Coromandel Engineering Company Ltd., E.I.D. Parry (India) Ltd., Parry Agro Industries Ltd., Tube Investments of India Ltd., and Wendt (India) Ltd. Market leaders in served segments including Abrasives, Auto Components, Cycles, Sugar, Farm Inputs, Fertilizers, Plantations, Bio-products and Nutraceuticals, the Group has forged strong alliances with leading international companies like Groupe Chimique Tunisien, Foskor, Cargill, Mitsui Sumitomo, Morgan Crucible and Sociedad Química y Minera de Chile (SQM). The Group has a wide geographical presence spanning 13 states in India and 5 continents. CUMI is fully vertically integrated from mining and calcination of bauxite to manufacture of electro minerals, abrasives and refractories with operations in India, Australia, Canada, China, Middle East, Europe and US. Electro Minerals Division of CUMI is in the business of Brown Fused Alumina, White Fused Alumina, Silicon Carbide & High Quality Micro Grits. The Division also offers other Fused and Sintered products for various applications"
Naukri,3.9,(379 Reviews),Private,Noida + 48 more,27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"This is the company's flagship brand and India's largest online job website. Its business model depends on job listings and employer branding or visibility advertisements, on the one hand, and résumé database access, on the other. Additional features of the website include: job seeker services such as candidate services which are free for job seekers; value-added features such as resume writing, highlighting, etc., for job seekers; and tools to search the database of resumes and job application screening programs for employer and recruitment consultant customers. Google Ad sense and mobile revenues contribute to the revenue as well.

As of March 31, 2016, naukri.com had a database of about 46 million registered job seekers and an average of about 12,000 résumés were added daily while about 195,000 resumes were modified daily during Q4 FY 2015-16 and 61,000 unique corporate customers (including hiring consultants/firms) availed of services such as database access, advertising/listing on the site, amongst others during the 2015-16. The website continued to gain market share in terms of user traffic.

To retain its leadership position, the company constantly invests in product development and improved user experiences through search tools and better site response. The search mechanism has been significantly improved for job search. The online platform is supplemented by a mobile application for iOS and Android platforms. The mobile medium is continually gaining traction. The cloud SaaS-based career site manager is now being used by 1,600 clients and helps them manage process flow of applications for recruiters, and is used to launch mobile ready career sites at a fraction of cost. It includes an application tracking system. The referral hiring platform is now being used by 350 corporates.

Going forward, the vision is to reposition naukri.com as a complete recruitment partner by consolidating all products into a Naukri Hiring Suite that caters to almost all the recruitment needs of customers."
Spoton Logistics,4.5,(379 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 69 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SPOTON , India’s leading Road Express Companies , is a high-performance, high-integrity, professional organisation that seeks to consistently deliver service excellence through best-in-class reliability across all parameters of customer service. This is achieved through a comprehensive ownership of service delivery across the organisation, timely and transparent flow of information and a proactive approach towards issue resolution supported by world-class systems and processes. While Our mission is to Deliver commitments consistently to our customers through outstanding people working together, a network engineered for accuracy and leading the market in quality and profitability, our vision is clearly to be the most preferred Express Logistics Company in India.SPOTON, as the name suggests, prides itself on its accuracy and this is achieved through our :Robust Operations BackboneStringent Process Discipline from registering pick-ups until delivery, service-monitoring mechanisms backed up by one of the most comprehensive MIS systems to support the ground operations team, in order to deliver operational excellence.Highly Skilled and Trained manpower: We are group of professionals with deep relevant expertise in the express industry. A Pan-India Network featuring 13 major depots and 11 transit hubs to ensure timely and secure movement of goods.Our Self-Managed/Owned Network ensures uniformity of processes and policies, thereby driving consistency of service performance across the Network.A Service Delivery Management Structure backed up by infrastructure and technology is designed to deliver best-in-class operational reliability. Leadership in Reverse Logistics with a seamless ability to do multi-location pickups."
Sulekha.com,4.3,(378 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 17 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Sulekha is India’s leading digital mobile platform for expert services, matching 20+ million consumers with 50,000+ service professionals across 200 categories in about 40 cities. Sulekha, with operations all across India, is funded by global investors including GIC (Singapore), Norwest Venture Partners (Palo Alto, US), Mitsui & Co (Tokyo, Japan) and SIW (Austin, US)."
Voltech,3.6,(378 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 29 more",35 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The VOLTECH Group is a reputed, experienced and professional Electrical Engineering Company with a proven background in the areas of Testing & Commissioning of medium and heavy-duty Electricals in the Power and Transmission Sector."
Tavant Technolog...,4.2,(378 Reviews),Private,"Santa Clara,California + 6 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tavant is a digital products and solutions company that provides impactful results to its customers across a wide range of industries such as Consumer Lending, Aftermarket, Media & Entertainment, and Retail in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific.
Our solutions, powered by Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning algorithms, help improve operational efficiency, productivity, speed and accuracy in the interconnected world to succeed in a rapidly changing business environment.

Our suite of products and solutions are routinely rated high by the industry and the media and deployed by leading business names such as Mitsubishi Caterpillar, Sierra Pacific Mortgage, Electronic Arts, TiVo, Goodmortgage, Newfi, Fairway, Genworth and CoreLogic.

Founded in 2000, headquartered in Santa Clara, the company employs over 2500 people and is a recognized top employer."
Ministry of Defe...,4.5,(378 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 54 more",76 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"The Government of India is responsible for ensuring the defence of India and every part thereof. The Supreme Command of the Armed Forces vests in the President. The responsibility for national defence rests with the Cabinet. This is discharged through the Ministry of Defence, which provides the policy framework and wherewithal to the Armed Forces to discharge their responsibilities in the context of the defence of the country. The Raksha Mantri (Defence Minister) is the head of the Ministry of Defence. The principal task of the Defence Ministry is to obtain policy directions of the Government on all defence and security related matters and communicate them for implementation to the Services Headquarters, Inter-Services Organisations, Production Establishments and Research and Development Organisations. It is also required to ensure effective implementation of the Government's policy directions and the execution of approved programmes within the allocated resources. Ministry of Defence comprises of four Departments viz. Department of Defence (DOD), Department of Defence Production (DDP), Department of Defence Research & Development (DDR&D) and Department of Ex-Servicemen Welfare and also Finance Division."
Y-Axis Overseas ...,4.0,(377 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 10 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a team of career and immigration experts who provide personalized and professional services in the field of Immigration, Visas, Overseas Jobs and English language coaching services to clients throughout the world. We have helped thousands of professionals, trades & business people immigrate and successfully settle overseas to have a better future and quality of life."
Kidzee,4.3,(377 Reviews),Private,"Ernakulam,Kerala + 92 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Kidzee is a pioneer in Early Childhood Education and standardized pre-schooling in the country under its proprietary pedagogy – Interactive iLLUME. Kidzee has so far touched the lives of more than 400,000 children since its inception in 2003."
le méridien,4.0,(377 Reviews),Private,Paris + 21 more,51 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Le Méridien, the Paris-born hotel brand currently represented by nearly 100 properties in more than 40 countries, was acquired by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. (NYSE: HOT) in November 2005.  With more than 80 of its properties located in Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific, Le Méridien provided a strong international complement to Starwood’s then primarily North American holdings at the time of purchase. Since then, Le Méridien has gone through a brand re-launch, which included a large scale hotels product consolidation as well as redefining its brand strategy. Through creation of the LM100 artist community, Le Méridien has transformed numerous guest touch points, thus bringing unique, interactive and curated experiences to its guests. Plans call for dynamic expansion of Le Méridien Hotels and Resorts within the next five years, concentrating on markets in Asia-Pacific and the Americas."
HLL Lifecare,3.8,(569 Reviews),Private,"Trivandrum/Thiruvananthapuram,Kerala + 81 more",57 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A company aimed at realizing the government’s family planning programme, HLL Lifecare Limited started as a manufacturer of natural rubber latex condoms. The foundation paved the way for a big dream that was in a nascent stage, aimed at changing the lives of a number of people. And as HLL metamorphosed into a nation’s brand, the dream grew by leaps and bounds. The company spread its wings to diversify into a healthcare major, with great emphasis over healthcare services. As the company successfully completes 50 years of consistent quality performance, HLL is entrusted with greater responsibilities – the affordable pharmacy network across the nation, healthcare services outlets, vaccine security of the nation, the medical devices park and much more. It’s no  wonder that, at HLL, work is really about ‘innovating for healthy generations’, each day."
Surya Roshni,4.2,(376 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 50 more",50 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Amidst the journey from a subtle beginning to spearheading the technological revolution in the 21st century, Surya Roshni Limited has exceedingly come a long way from being just another steel tube making unit back in 1973. Today, Surya Group has emerged into a colossal of over Rs. 5,975 Crore n FY 2018-19. Indian manufacturing company, exporting products to over 50 countries across the globe. It has manifested, not just a strong brand image, but also an irreplaceable mark onto the minds and consideration of customers. The company focus on working passionately with all latest technologies to make the lives of customers comfortable and delighted.In the year 1984, Surya’s lighting division was initiated with the dream of ‘Lighting Every City Every Home’. Three decades down the line, it is appraised as one of the leading brands in the Lighting industry. The LED technology has opened up a new frontier and is potentially acknowledged as the future of lighting technology. The LEDs manufactured by us are energy efficient with extremely lower maintenance cost and comes with the facilitation of a remarkable life span. All these factors add to the advantages of LED lighting that will ensure that the revolution in the lighting industry is propelled forward. The Surya LED lights are manufactured using latest and inventive way to permeate brightness in each and every dark and dull area across PAN India."
Principal Global...,4.3,(376 Reviews),Private,Des Moines + 4 more,17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Principal Global Services is a Global In-house Center, dedicated to supporting Principal Financial Group achieve our common purpose of empowering and enabling our customers across the globe by protecting and advancing their financial well-being through retirement, insurance and asset management solutions. Since our inception in 2006, our continued focus has been to take our services to the next level of providing solutions, which has been further reinforced with stimulating results and a clear strategic direction. Over the last decade, we have assimilated the right mix of talent and competencies to build a center of excellence that delivers quality, innovation and strategic value. We offer right over best opportunities for a holistic growth, because we believe that engagement is directly proportional to the right opportunities, fostered by cultural pillars of empowerment and enablement."
NBTC GROUP,3.8,(376 Reviews),Private,Al Ahmadi + 22 more,46 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in 1977, NBTC took its first steps as a civil construction contractor with the concept of providing valuable, trustworthy and quality services. Albeit humble beginnings, we laid down the credo for a company that is today steadfastly growing on the strength of its relationships.Our ideologies and efforts unified in perfect harmony to make way for a business culture that is now taking strides in engineering & construction, fabrication & machining, inspection services, heavy equipment leasing and logistics. We are grounded to our values of nurturing relationships and trust in this ever-changing business scenario. Today, NBTC stands tall as a preferred partner to clients who are building on their capabilities and empowering the nation."
Ongc Petro Addit...,4.0,(376 Reviews),Public,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujarat + 20 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ONGC Petro additions Limited (OPaL), a multi billion joint venture company was incorporated in 2006, as a Public Limited Company under the companies Act, 1956, promoted by Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and co-promoted by GAIL and GSPC.

OPaL has set up a grass root mega Petrochemical complex at Dahej, Gujarat in PCPIR/SEZ (Petroleum, Chemicals and Petrochemicals Investment Region/Special Economic Zone). The complex's main Dual Feed Cracker Unit has the capacity to produce 1100 KTPA Ethylene, 400 KTPA Propylene and the Associated Units consists of Pyrolysis Gasoline Hydrogenation Unit, Butadiene Extraction Unit and Benzene Extraction Unit. The Polymer plants of OPaL has 2X360 KTPA of LLDPE/HDPE Swing unit, 1X340 KTPA of Dedicated HDPE and 1x340 KTPA of PP. The Project commenced its production after the inauguration by Hon'ble Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi in March 2017.

OPaL is poised to become a key player in the growth of the polymer industry, because it has all the essential ingredients to become one of the best performing operators in the global petrochemical industry. Moreover, to utilize the advantage of this highly competitive and dynamic market, OPaL synergizes with the strengths of its promoters. OPaL has the combine advantages of adequate indigenous feedstock supplies, talented manpower, ready market and above all, a better and brighter domestic market.

The demand for polymers in India is huge and is expected to further rise with the growth in GDP. India will continue to be in deficit of Polyethylene in the foreseeable future. Moreover this also works as a perfect downstream integration for ONGC-the key promoter who will be supplying the feedstock required for this project from its Hazira, Uran and Dahej facilities.

Apart from the home turf, being in SEZ, OPaL will be marketing substantial part of its produce in the international market. OPaL aims to provide world-class products and services across the globe. To achieve this, we make effective use of technology, while being sensitive towards the environment at all times. Using the state-of-art technologies from the finest and most renowned technology providers, OPaL facility is pegged to be among the best in the world."
MagicBricks,3.4,(375 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 25 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Magicbricks.com is India’s No 1 Property Site and has been adjudged as the most preferred site in India, by independent surveys. We provide a platform for buyers & sellers to locate properties of interest & source information on real estate that can be of use to all."
Neuland Laborato...,4.3,(375 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 4 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Neuland Laboratories is a leading manufacturer of active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) and an end-to-end chemistry-related solutions provider for the pharmaceutical industry. With two FDA-inspected facilities, 400 DMFs, 1000 employees and customers in more than 85 countries, Neuland supports some of the world's best-known and most successful pharmaceutical research and manufacturing companies."
V-Trans,4.1,(375 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 60 more",65 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),V Trans India Ltd is a preferred single window logistics solution provider. A 6-decade old company that has evolved from a traditional transport player to a national logistics solution provider company.
Oriental Structu...,4.2,(375 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 42 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Oriental Structural Engineers is a company dedicated to infrastructure development, specializing in Runways and Highways. It has been in existence for over three decades in India and elsewhere.Driven by Technology and supported by a capable team, we are always raring to go, and eager to scale new heights.OSE business is shaped by innovative thinking, vast competence, working in a spirit of partnership and maintaining transparency. OSE completed most of the works of large magnitude and complex nature in 1-6 months ahead of contracted schedule and never delayed any work even for a day. It has earned a reputation of earning bonus for early completion of Projects."
Rane (Madras),4.1,(375 Reviews),Public,"Vallancherry,Tamil Nadu + 21 more",26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Inception in the year 1929 as a trading house Strategic Technical Alliance Access to best technology Sales Turnover (2016-17) : $ 680 Mn Preferred supplier to major OEMs in India and abroad Supply to every segment of auto industry Exports to more than 30 countries Rane Companies & Product Range Rane Holdings Limited (Holding Company) Rane (Madras) Limited (Steering & Suspension Linkage Products, Steering Gear Products and High precision Aluminium Die Casting Products) Rane Engine Valve Limited (Engine Valves, Valve Guides and Tappets, Medium and Large Valves) Rane Brake Lining Limited (Brake Linings, Disc Pads, Clutch Facings, Composite Brake Blocks, CV Brake Pads & Sintered Brake Pads) Rane TRW Steering Systems Private Limited (Hydraulic Steering Systems, Seat Belts and Air bags) Rane NSK Steering Systems Private Limited (Electrical Power Steering (EPS), Manual Steering Columns (MSC) and Intermediate Shafts & Joints)"
Aequs,3.9,(375 Reviews),Private,"Belagavi/Belgaum,Karnataka + 8 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aequs is India’s fastest growing precision engineering company, specializing in forging & heat treatment, precision machining, sheet metal fabrication, surface treatment and structural assemblies for the aerospace and other allied industries. It is headquartered within the Aequs Special Economic Zone in Belagavi, India’s First Notified Precision Engineering & Manufacturing SEZ.
Aequs operates several manufacturing facilities in India, US and France. They are located in Aequs SEZ, Belagavi (Karnataka, India), Houston (TX, USA), Paris (TX, USA), Aubigny (France), Cholet (France) and Besancon (France).
Aequs offers a fully capable manufacturing ecosystem that effectively meets the wide-ranging demands of customers around the world. Aequs currently has three multinational joint ventures to provide increased value-add capabilities within the SEZ; they are with Aubert & Duval SAS of France (ERAMET Group) for forging, Magellan Aerospace of Canada for Surface treatment and Saab AB of Sweden for Assemblies. Aequs customers include global industry leaders such as Airbus, Boeing, Safran, Dassault, Collins Aerospace, Eaton, Honeywell, SAAB and GKN Aerospace to name a few."
Medley Pharmaceu...,4.1,(375 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 53 more",54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Medley is a global pharmaceutical company operating since 1969 from Mumbai, India. Since launch, the company consolidated its position with a strong manufacturing and marketing infrastructure."
Goodyear,3.9,(378 Reviews),Public,"Akron,OH + 42 more",125 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Goodyear is one of the world's largest tire companies. It employs about 72,000 people and manufactures its products in 55 facilities in 23 countries around the world. 

Its two Innovation Centers in Akron, Ohio, and Colmar-Berg, Luxembourg, strive to develop state-of-the-art products and services that set the technology and performance standard for the industry. 

For more information about Goodyear and its products, go to www.goodyear.com/corporate."
Cairn Energy,4.1,(374 Reviews),Private,"Edinburgh,Edinburgh + 19 more",42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Cairn has explored, discovered, developed and produced oil and gas in a variety of locations throughout the world with more than 20 years’ experience as operator and partner in all stages of the oil and gas lifecycle. Cairn is listed on the London Stock Exchange with its headquarters in Edinburgh and offices in London, Norway, Senegal and Mexico.

Cairn’s strategy is to deliver value for stakeholders from a balanced portfolio of exploration, development and production assets within the oil and gas lifecycle. Cairn’s portfolio provides exposure to high impact exploration drilling. The Group’s production assets provide the cash flow to sustain exploration and development activity."""
HBL Global,3.9,(374 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 74 more",23 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"They say that a journey of a million miles begins with a single step. For us that first step came with our inception in November 2000. Since our inception, we have grown into one of India’s leading Direct Sales Organisation (DSA), with an annual turnover of Rs. 650 crore. HBL Global as we are called is an associate company of HDFC Bank Ltd., one of India’s premier private banking institutions. We have over 23,900 people on our payroll. As a DSA of HDFC Bank, we are in the business of providing specialized services with regards to retail loan products, Credit Cards and support functions like Call Centers etc. We are an ‘equal opportunities employer’ with all our HR and salary payment processes being ISO 9001 certified. We at HBL Global take pride in the fact that we provide a healthy employer – employee relationship. Our mantra is “efficiency and performance above all else.” We truly value Productivity, Performance & Meritocracy. All employee appraisals, annual increments and progression in the organisation revolves around the same three parameters."
SourceHOV,3.8,(374 Reviews),Chennai + 8 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Almarai,4.4,(374 Reviews),Private,"Riyadh,Central Province + 26 more",46 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1977, Almarai Company is the world’s largest vertically integrated dairy company and the region’s largest food and beverage manufacturing and distribution company. Headquartered in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Almarai Company is ranked as the number one FMCG Brand in the MENA region and is market leader in all its categories across the GCC.

With more than 40 years of sustainable growth, Almarai Company continues to provide nutritious and healthy products to consumers of all ages with its growth stemming from its bedrock principle, “Quality you can trust”. 
In addition to its high-quality dairy products, Almarai Company has diversified its product portfolio to include juices, bakery, poultry and infant formula under the brand names Almarai, L’Usine, 7 Days, Alyoum and Almarai Nuralac. Almarai Company has successful joint ventures with Chipita and PepsiCo."
Apar Industries,4.0,(374 Reviews),Public,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujarat + 37 more",65 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Apar Industries Ltd. headquartered in Mumbai, India with production facilities spread across Rabale(Maharashtra) , Silvassa and Athola (Dadra Nagar Haveli), Khatalwad and Umbergaon (Gujarat).
Apar's Conductor division started in 1958 with the technical know-how from Alan (Canada) and Properzi (Italy) is the largest producers of POWERLINE Aluminum and Alloy Conductors in Asia, with strategic partnership and supply relationships with top EPC contractors in the world. The aluminum conductor division manufactures all type of bare overhead aluminum conductors, GS earth wires. It started manufacturing new generation conductors called High Temperature Low Sag (HTLS) with product approvals from Power Grid Corporation of India Limited.
Apar's Speciality Oil business established in 1969 with the technical know-how from Sun Oil Company (USA) is a pioneer and largest producer of POWEROIL Transformer Oils in Southeast Asia. The division has four diverse product lines- Transformer Oils, White Oils and Liquid Paraffins, Industrial and Automotive Oils and Lubricants, Process Oils (For Rubber & Tyre , EPM & EPDM Polymers , Thermo Plastic Elastomers , Printing inks, Hot Melt Addhesives , Metal Working Fluids and Low PCA Oils applications).
In the year 2007-2008, Apar established a strong foundation for Automotive Lubricants under a license agreement with ENI Italy to manufacture and market high-end automotive and speciality industrial lubricants under the reputed """"ENI"""" brand in India. ENI is the world's eighth-largest automotive lubricants manufacturer with a diverse product range catering to passenger and commercial vehicles.

""""Polymer division"""" a manufacturer of Aparprene brand Thermoplastic Elastomers with well equipped sophisticated laboratory and R&D facility at Umargaon, Gujarat two and half hours distance from Mumbai with best in class technology and equipments designed to support the Automobile, Electrical, Food, Construction, Irrigation, and Consumer Industries offering world class analysis of materials"""" Having support point and offices at Gurgaon Chennai and Pune.
Apar acquired a strategic stake in erstwhile Uniflex Cables Limited (UCL) a manufacturer of wide range of power and telecom cables. Listed on BSE, UCL amalgamated with Apar carries business as """"Uniflex Cables"""", as a unit of Apar. It is in the process of expanding its manufacturing activities in Electron Beam (E Beam) irradiation services for creating a service center for cables and other various products.
Over the last few years, Apar graduated to the hub-and-spoke model setting up storage distribution and processing facilities in Sydney - Australia, Gebze -Turkey and Durban - South Africa, significantly improving our proximity to consuming global markets.
Almost all of Apar's manufacturing facilities are accredited with ISO 9001-2008 and ISO 14001-2004 quality management systems, Apar Industries Ltd. , a dynamic proxy of the Indian power sector's growing potential deriving around 75% of its revenues from this industry through key building blocks, aims to graduate from being participant in India's infrastructure growth to an infrastructure driver in the world's second fastest growing economy. Apar's shares are actively traded on NSE and BSE."""
Essel Propack,4.0,(373 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Essel Propack, is the largest specialty packaging global company, manufacturing laminated plastic tubes catering to the FMCG and Pharma space. Employing over 2852 people representing 25 different nationalities, Essel Propack functions through 20 state of the art facilities and in eleven countries, selling circa 7 billion tubes and continuing to grow every year.

Essel Propack is the world’s largest manufacturer of laminated plastic tubes with units operating across countries such as USA, Mexico, Colombia, Poland, Germany, UK, Egypt, Russia, China, Philippines and India. These facilities cater to diverse categories that include brands in Beauty & Cosmetics, Pharma & Health, Food, Oral and Home, offering customized solutions through continuously pioneering first-in-class innovations in materials, technology and processes."""
LTIMindtree,4.0,(373 Reviews),Pune + 12 more,27 years old,N/A,N/A,N/A
Fractal Analytic...,4.1,(373 Reviews),Private,"New York City,New York + 7 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Fractal is one of the most prominent players in the Artificial Intelligence space. Fractal’s mission is to power every human decision in the enterprise and uses the power of AI to help the world’s most admired Fortune 500 companies.

Fractal’s products include Qure.ai to assist radiologists make better diagnostic decisions, Cuddle.ai to assists CEOs and senior executives make better tactical and strategic decisions, Theremin.ai to improve investment decisions and Eugenie.ai to find anomalies in high velocity data."
Xceedance,3.8,(372 Reviews),Private,"Boston,Massachusetts + 6 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Xceedance is a global provider of strategic operations support (SOS), which includes consulting, managed services, data sciences, and technology across the entire insurance lifecycle. Insurance organizations can achieve their target operating models with the help and experience of Xceedance . The company’s proficiency extends to underwriting, actuarial services, catastrophe modeling and exposure management, policy services, claims, BI and reporting, finance and accounting, and application development. Xceedance has offices in the U.S., the U.K., Germany, Poland, Australia and India."
Microtek Interna...,3.8,(372 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 65 more",43 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"MICROTEK INTERNATIONAL PVT. LTD. is the country’s Largest Power Products manufacturer having products like LINE INTERACTIVE UPS, ONLINE UPS, DIGITAL & INTELLI PURE SINEWAVE UPS Such as UPS EB / UPS E²+ and HYBRID UPS 24×7. MICROTEK has set up State-of-the-art automatic Manufacturing Plants equipped with Hi-Tech Machines. Some of them are SMT, ICT and Automatic Assembly Lines etc."
Progressive Info...,4.3,(372 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 59 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Progressive Infovision Pvt Ltd also known as PIPL Founded by Mrs P. Kochar in 1996. PIPL operates across various industries and having offices in India & Australia, headquartered in New Delhi having a revenue stream across different verticals nearly at 40 million$. Pioneers in HR-IT solution & is partnered with TOP MNC's like Accenture,Wipro,HCL,MIcroland and other fortune 500 client. Specializes in IT recruitment,Project management,IT Infra Management etc had built up an enviable reputation with a strong & loyal client base."
MAS Financial Se...,3.7,(372 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 69 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We offer financial services for Two Wheeler Loans, Business Loans, MEL, Personal Loans, Commercial Vehicle Loan, Working Capital Loans – Auto Loans, Agri Loans, Tractor Loans, Consumer Durable, SME (Machinery & Industrial Shed) Loans, Loan against Property, Home Loans etc. to satisfy the varied needs of our clients."
Wonder Cement,4.3,(372 Reviews),Private,"Ajmer,Rajasthan + 51 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Wonder Cement is a cutting-edge cement manufacturing company with an ambition to establish itself as a leading player in the industry. Enriched with the heritage of R.K. Marble, a leading name in the marble industry, our corporate culture is built on the values of quality, trust and transparency. An emphasis on technological superiority enables us to differentiate our offering through impeccable quality and effective communication. With an extensive network of dealers & retailers, we own a position in the premium segment of the market"
Csc E Governance...,3.9,(372 Reviews),Public,"Delhi,NCT + 120 more",14 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"CSC e-Governance Services India Limited, a Special Purpose Vehicle, has been set up by the Ministry of Electronics & IT under the Companies Act, 1956 to oversee implementation of the CSC scheme. CSC SPV provides a centralized collaborative framework for delivery of services to citizens through CSCs, besides ensuring systemic viability and sustainability of the Scheme."
Jai Balaji Group,3.6,(372 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 24 more",24 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Jai Balaji Group is one of the largest manufacturers of steel in the private sector in Eastern India. We have integrated facilities for producing steel in our eight manufacturing units spread across the states of West Bengal, Chhattisgarh, Orissa and Jharkhand in India.Our Group has a chain of value-added products which include DRI, Pig Iron, Ferro Alloys, Alloy and Mild Steel Billets, Reinforcement Steel TMT Bars, Wire Rods, Ductile Iron Pipes and Alloy and Mild Steel Heavy Rounds. We draw our strength from an old tradition of reliable customer service and quality products.With vibrant and dedicated employees forming the core of our Group, we have grown from strength to strength under the dynamic leadership of our promoters and directors. Our combined experience has propelled our Group into the league of formidable steel players in Eastern India, which has not only diversified into power generation in West Bengal and Chhattisgarh but has progressed work in allied industries like cement as well."
Credence Resourc...,3.6,(371 Reviews),LLC,"Dallas,Texas + 1 more",9 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Credence Resource Management, LLC delivers outstanding Customer Relationship Solutions to improve processes, re-engineer strategies and drive excellent outcomes that increase ROI for our clients and the satisfaction of the people and businesses they serve."
Amtek Auto,3.7,(371 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 29 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Amtek Group, headquartered in India, is one of the largest integrated component manufacturers in India with a strong global presence. It has also become one of the world's largest global forging and integrated machining companies. The Group has operations across Forging, Iron and Aluminium Casting, Machining and Sub-Assemblies. It has world-class facilities across India, Japan, Thailand, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Romania, UK, Brazil, Mexico and US. The Amtek Group is comprised of corporate entities Amtek Auto, JMT Auto, Amtek Global Technologies and other subsidiaries and associates. With the infrastructure and technology platform developed over 25 years, the Group is well positioned in the Indian Auto and Non-Auto component markets."
Greenply,4.0,(371 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 57 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Greenply Industries Limited (GIL), a Rs. 1560 crore (US$ 290 Million) company, is now firmly established as India 's largest Interior Infrastructure Company. GIL has 56 branches across India with a strong dealer/distributor/sub-dealer/retailer network of over 10000 and a presence in over 300 cities. Its 4 modern production units in Nagaland, West Bengal, Uttarakhand and Gujarat."
Bisk Farm,4.1,(371 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 64 more",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Since its inception in the year 2000, Bisk Farm has been recognised for its delectable biscuits, cookies, cakes and rusks. The brand is owned and marketed by SAJ Food Products (P) Ltd, a part of the Aparna Group of Companies.

Bisk Farm has carved a niche for itself in the market in a fairly short span of time. It is ranked amongst the top 3 bakery brands in the markets where it competes.

Bisk Farm is presently available throughout Eastern and North-Eastern India, and parts of South, Central and North India. The company eventually aims to market its delicacies across the country.

Innovation has always been one of Bisk Farm’s secret ingredients to success. With its assortment of goodies, ranging from cookies to cakes to a variety of rusks, it caters to almost every palate.

In addition, as part of its drive to establish a presence across India, Bisk Farm has invested in state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities in Eastern and South India.

Bisk Farm Just Baked is another ambitious part of the brand’s endeavour to share its goodness directly with the consumer. It showcases the Brand’s array of freshly baked Savouries, Danishes, Special Cakes, Pastries, Breads and other Confectionery items, along with a great ambience."
RITES,4.1,(370 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 44 more",49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"RITES Limited is an engineering consultancy company, specializing in the field of transport infrastructure. Established in 1974 by the Government of India, the company's initial charter was to provide consultancy services in rail transport management to operators in India and abroad"
Hilton,4.3,(488 Reviews),Private,"Mclean,Virginia + 27 more",104 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hilton is a leading global hospitality company with a portfolio of 17 world-class brands comprising more than 5,700 properties with nearly 923,000 rooms, in 113 countries and territories. Dedicated to fulfilling its mission to be the world’s most hospitable company, Hilton earned a spot on the 2018 world’s best workplaces list, and has welcomed more than 3 billion guests in its nearly 100 year history. Through the award-winning guest loyalty program, Hilton Honors, more than 89 million members who book directly with Hilton have access to instant benefits, including digital check-in with room selection, Digital Key, and Connected Room."
Moser Baer,4.0,(400 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 13 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Moser Baer India Limited headquartered in New Delhi, is a leading global tech-manufacturing company. Established in 1983, the company has successfully developed cutting edge technologies to become one of the world's largest manufacturers of Optical Storage media like CDs and DVDs."
Visteon,3.8,(369 Reviews),Private,"Detroit,Michigan + 11 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Visteon is a global technology company that designs, engineers and manufactures innovative cockpit electronics and connected car solutions for the world’s major vehicle manufacturers. Visteon is driving the smart, learning, digital cockpit of the future, to improve safety and the user experience. Visteon is a global leader in cockpit electronic products including digital instrument clusters, information displays, infotainment, head-up displays, telematics, SmartCore™ cockpit domain controllers, and the DriveCore™ autonomous driving platform. Visteon also delivers artificial intelligence-based technologies, connected car, cybersecurity, interior sensing, embedded multimedia and smartphone connectivity software solutions. Headquartered in Van Buren Township, Michigan, Visteon has approximately 10,000 employees at more than 40 facilities in 18 countries. Visteon had sales of approximately $3 billion in 2018."
Offshore Infrast...,4.2,(369 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 29 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Offshore infrastructures Limited operates as an engineering construction company. The Company constructs refineries, chemical plants, oil terminals, water supply reservoirs, and pumping stations. Offshore Infrastructures serves customers in India. We have pleasure in introducing ourselves as a leading multi discipline Industrial Construction Company in India with Rs. 1935 Crore financial turnover for March ending 2019. We are an ISO 9001-2008 and OHSAS 18001: 2007 accredited company. Our major activities include: Mechanical Construction: Piping and Equipment Erection for Refineries, Petrochemical, Chemical, Fertilizers & Power plants. Tankages: (Fixed, Floating and Dome Roof): Design Engineering construction of Crude Oil & Petroleum product Tank farms. Electrical & Instrumentation works: For substation and Industrial plants & Refineries, Rural transmission and railway Transmission & Electrification. Fire Protection Systems: Design and Engineering, Supply, Installation, Testing and Commissioning of Fire Protection Systems including Hydrant, Sprinklers, Spray, Foam, Gas Suppression and Fire Alarm Systems on Turnkey Basis for Semi and High Hazard Occupancies in Industrial plants, Commercial/ Administrative Buildings. Pipelines: Cross Country Pipelines for Oil & Gas and Water including Water Distribution Systems Civil and Structural Works: Civil Construction, Fabrication and Erection of Structural Steel for Petroleum Refineries. Under Ground water reservoirs, Intake wells and Large piped Irrigation projects"
Amadeus,4.1,(369 Reviews),Private,Madrid + 11 more,36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Amadeus, Travel powers progress. Amadeus powers travel.  Amadeus’ solutions connect travelers to the journeys they want, linking them via travel agents, search engines and tour operators to airlines, airports, hotels, cars and railways. 

Technology has always been critical to developing global travel, increasing scale, choice and access. We have developed our technology in partnership with the travel industry for 30 years. 

We combine a deep understanding of how people travel with the ability to design and deliver the most complex, trusted, and critical systems our customers need."
Onward Technolog...,3.3,(369 Reviews),Public,"Eindhoven,North Brabant + 28 more",32 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Onward Technologies is a leading global player in Mechanical Engineering Design and IT Consulting, listed at both Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE: 517536) and National Stock Exchange (NSE: ONWARDTEC). Onward helps global organizations address their engineering needs and challenges through a wide range of engineering design solutions and services that include Product design, Engineering analysis, Manufacturing engineering solutions, and Engineering change management. We offer our services to a wide spectrum of industries, including Automotive, Off-Highway, Aerospace, Industrial Equipment, Consumer and Healthcare sectors. We have developed expertise across these domains and no matter which platform our customer adopts, Onward can gear up with the requisite cross functional skills.

Over the years, we have mastered the best practices and have fine-tuned our global delivery model for the engineering services space. Our engagement model with our customers ensures complete transparency and client IP (intellectual property) protection. A competent team with strong domain and project execution skills coupled with a customer focused strategy has earned us global marquee clients and helped them transform their businesses to reach greater heights. Onward's long standing success has been achieved through its unique blend of competitive advantage, innovative solutions, sustainable growth and ownership with proven performance."
KFin Technologie...,3.8,(369 Reviews),"Hyderabad,Telangana + 23 more",6 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"KFintech is the largest registrar and a market leader, servicing over 90 million investor accounts spread over 1300 issuers including banks, PSUs and mutual funds. With a workforce of around 5,500+ experienced professionals who hail from from various disciplines, and having 220 branches Pan India, KFintech has emerged as a market leader in Investor Servicing."
Coal India,4.2,(945 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 41 more",48 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Coal India Limited (CIL) the state owned coal mining corporate came into being in November 1975. With a modest production of 79 Million Tonnes (MTs) at the year of its inception CIL today is the single largest coal producer in the world and one of the largest corporate employer. Operating through 83 mining areas and spread over eight (8) provincial states of India. CIL is an apex body with 7 wholly owned coal producing subsidiaries and 1 mine planning and consultancy company spread over 8 provincial states of India. CIL also manages establishments like workshops, hospitals etc. and also owns 27 training institutes and 76 Vocational Training Institutes Centres. Indian Institute of Coal Management (IICM) as a state-of-the-art Management Training ‘Centre of Excellence’ – the largest Corporate Training Institute in India - operates under CIL and conducts multi-disciplinary management development programmes.
CIL is a Maharatna company - a privileged status conferred by Government of India to select state owned enterprises in order to empower them to expand their operations and emerge as global giants. The select club has only ten members out of more than three hundred Central Public Sector Enterprises in the country."
Housing.com,4.2,(368 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 24 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are India's most innovative real estate platform. Born out of the need to simplify home search, we bring optimism and innovation to help house India. For us people are the why, look up is the how and housing is for everyone. So look up and live better."
Army Public Scho...,4.3,(368 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 68 more",49 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),"It was only when the Indian Army was born in its present form at the dawn of Indian independence that family life really took roots in India’s cantonments. Solders – Officers, Junior Commissioned Officers (JCOs) and men alike were dependent on the existing educational system in the country for education of their wards. As more and more families moved into our cantonments, the existing private schools slowly became unaffordable to soldiers. Even the Central Schools (Kendriya Vidyalaya) did not provide guaranteed admission to the children of soldiers who were frequently transferred from one station to another.

 Realising the importance of children’s education as a major welfare activity, the COAS took a considered decision to establish a chain of schools in various regional commands. This was announced on Army Day – 15 Jan 1980 by the COAS. Thus was born the school system of the Indian Army. By the time, 28 Regimental and 4 High schools had already come up and an umbrella organization was required to co-ordinate the functioning of these schools. To meet the requirement, Army Welfare Education Originisation (AWEO) was created under Adjutant General’s Branch. This organization was registered under the Societies Registration Act XXI of 1860 on 29 Apr 1983 as Army Welfare Education Society (AWES) being a statutory requirement for affiliation to CBSE. The Apex Body of AWES is the Board of Governors (BOG) with the Chief of Army Staff as the Patron-in-Chief and Army Commanders as Patrons. The day to day work, in pursuance of BOG directions, was to be carried out by an Executive Committee headed by the Adjutant General(AG) and a retired Officer appointed as full time secretary of AWES. This secretariat which started functioning under AG’s Branch as CW-9 later metamorphosed into the present day HQ AWES under a retired officer of Major General rank.

 The schools, initially named as Army High schools, were later christened as Army Schools. All schools were redesignated as Army Public Schools on 01 Jul 2011. There are 137 Army Public Schools across cantonments and military stations in India, all following NCERT curriculum and affiliated to CBSE, New Delhi. The schools are administered by local formation commanders through School Administration and Management Committees (SAMC). From a modest 20000 students population in 1987, APSs have grown to a mammoth systems with a students strength of approximately 2.3 lac and 8500 teaching staff. On an average 5000 students are added every year."
PeopleStrong,4.0,(460 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 15 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"PeopleStrong is a leading Enterprise Work Technology company from India, that is enriching experience at work for over 300+ customers and over 900,000 users globally. On its journey to writing the #NewCodeofWork, PeopleStrong product suite includes next-gen applications in the space of HR Technology (Talent Acquisition, Human Capital Management, Talent Management), Collaboration, Intelligence and Analytics and platform. Known for its penchant to innovate, PeopleStrong has many firsts to its name, the recent one being the application of Machine Learning in Recruitment (through Match Making) and Employee Experience (through India’s first HR Chatbot Jinie). PeopleStrong is the first company in the space to be successfully assessed on SSAE18 and recently won the prestigious CIO’s Choice Award for Talent Management on Cloud."
MothersonSumi IN...,3.2,(367 Reviews),Private,Noida + 10 more,23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MothersonSumi INfotech & Designs Limited (a SMG Group Company) is a ISO 9001, ISO 27001 and CMMi Level 5 certified IT services company based in India. MIND is a joint venture between Samvardhana Motherson Group (SMG) and Sumitomo Wiring Systems Ltd, Japan (SWS). SMG is one of India's top 50 auto business conglomerate with a presence in 41 countries. SWS are the world's third largest Wiring harness maker with a presence in 30 countries."
Shriram Automall,4.3,(367 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 84 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Shriram Automall India Limited (SAMIL), an ISO 9001:2008 certified company which pioneers in serving the most organised bidding platforms to facilitate the trade of used vehicles and equipment. It serves an exhaustive range of pre-owned commercial vehicles, construction equipment, tractors, buses, cars & SUVs, 3 wheelers and 2 wheelers to create a unique experience for its customers, across India. Every deal at Shriram Automall is structured on the ground of transparency where several Indian dreams ride with utmost dignity."
Kellogg,4.4,(367 Reviews),Private,"Battle Creek,Michigan + 54 more",117 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"In a fortunately failed attempt at making granola, our company’s founder, W.K. Kellogg, and his brother, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg, changed breakfast forever when they accidentally flaked wheat berry. W.K. kept experimenting until he flaked corn, and created the delicious recipe for Kellogg’s Corn Flakes.1906 — W.K. Kellogg opened the “Battle Creek Toasted Corn Flake Company” and carefully hired his first 44 employees. Together they created the initial batch of Kellogg’s® Corn Flakes® and brought to life W.K.’s vision for great-tasting, better-for-you breakfast foods."
Zydus Healthcare,4.1,(367 Reviews),Mumbai + 46 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Icon Plc,4.3,(395 Reviews),Dublin + 7 more,33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"We are a global provider of consulting, and outsourced development and commercialisation services to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device and government and public health organisations. 

We focus our innovation on the factors that are critical to our clients – reducing time to market, reducing cost and increasing quality – and our global team of experts has extensive experience in a broad range of therapeutic areas. 

ICON has been recognised as one of the world’s leading Contract Research Organisations through a number of high-profile industry awards."
The Times of Ind...,4.0,(366 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 45 more,185 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"TOI is India’s largest and most influential news publisher in English. We inform and actively engage you to to drive progress at a local and national level. We bring you the latest news, analysis and videos across current affairs, business, entertainment, sports, lifestyle and culture everyday."
Schoolnet India,3.8,(366 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 79 more",26 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"We, IL&FS Education & Technology Services (IL&FS Education) - now renamed as Schoolnet India Limited (Schoolnet) - are India’s leading social infrastructure development company focusing on the global “demographic dividend” opportunity, with our 3Es agenda (Education, Employability and Employment). As a result of these concerted efforts, we, along with oursubsidiaries, have created significant reach and impact at scale;through our presence across 32 States and Union Territories of India,in 36,000 schools and with a network of 300 Institutes of Skills, wedirectly impact 15 million people on a daily basis, with a potentialto reach out to a further 120 million in the catchment. Globally, wedeliver programmes in 17 countries of Africa, Middle East and SouthEast Asia."
Kantar,3.7,(1k Reviews),Private,"London,London + 23 more",15 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Kantar is the world’s leading data insights and consulting company.

For over 75 years we have been pioneers in developing new technologies to provide our clients with a unique understanding of people. Our global team of more than 25,000 use that unique understanding to inspire business growth for our clients at every stage of the marketing cycle. As a result, our clients have the ability to build customer-obsessed marketing organizations that understand how and where to invest for impact, how to build brands, how to grow customer penetration and loyalty, and how to transform the market to win greater share.

Within Kantar lies Kantar Analytics, a strategic, forward-thinking team of over 1,500 globally that uses cutting-edge advanced analytics techniques and AI-powered technology to predict consumer behavior and optimize priorities for growth.

We help clients build stronger brand connections and differentiated experiences, manage complex data and enable faster action, optimize marketing spending to improve both short and long-term ROI, increase value from customers. Our solutions continue to push the envelope with innovation and lead the way in AI and Machine Learning within our industry.

Established in May of 2018, Kantar Analytics has quickly grown to a $100 million business and a highly recognized growth platform for Kantar."
TTK Prestige,4.1,(365 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 57 more",68 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Prestige is India’s No.1 kitchen appliance brand. It is India’s largest kitchen appliances company catering to the needs of home makers in the country. It has varied product portfolio ranging from pressure cookers, non-stick cookware, gas stoves, Induction Cooktops, Mixer Grinders to varied other electrical appliances and kitchen tools. Prestige also covers a wide range of home cleaning accessories including air purifier, water purifier, ladders, mops, vacuum cleaners and many more. The company has been at the forefront of innovation in the Kitchen segment and has been the fastest growing company in the kitchen appliance space."
TVS Electronics,4.0,(365 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 48 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""TVS Electronics is a part of the TVS Group, India’s foremost and well recognised self-owned Business group. TVS Electronics (TVS-E), headquartered in Chennai, India (BSE:532513, NSE:TVSELECT) was founded in 1986 as an IT Peripherals manufacturer and has today transformed into a leading Transaction Automation IT Product manufacturer & service provider. Progressing over the years, we have understood the need and the pulse of the market for widely-reputed and accessible service that is top-notch. Keeping this in mind, we sought to revolutionise the services industry and make it more customer-friendly.
Our service offerings are of immense value to our customers, catering to all segments. We are backed by an expert and qualified team who meet the highest standards of quality and precision. We service extensive product lines across various brands via various delivery models like exclusive service centers, multi brand service centers, Onsite support, repair centers and factories, thus providing a complete service suite. We have thus established ourself as an end to end service provider delighting the brands and customers we serve.
Our products arm manufactures and sells Point of sale devices, Printers & Keyboards through their dealer network spanning across 300+ towns. With a mission to offer products specifically designed and tested for “Heart of India” environment, our products provide easy use, cost effective solutions with a wide reach of service infrastructure. We value the philosophy of product development as our core. Supporting the service delivery and product channelizing is our supply chain & fulfillment team with a wide range of services like inventory planning, parts procurement, demand forecasting, logistics , distribution and warehousing."""
Sayaji Hotels,4.3,(365 Reviews),Public,"Indore,Madhya Pradesh + 21 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Nothing explains the Sayaji’s way of life like the Banyan tree. The Banyan plays many roles during the course of its long life. It epitomizes and defines relationships we know of, and bonds that are yet to be made. In some ways, it is like the patriarch, depicting the lineage, strong roots, and an undying will of an ever-growing family. For travellers from far and wide, it provides comfort and peace in its never-ending shade, and care that only a mother can give. Like a good old friend, it keeps your secret, protects you, and bring you solace in times of need. Just like the Banyan tree, we at Sayaji strive to be the haven that every global traveller deserves. We have been redefining hospitality since our inception in Vadodara 20 years ago. For us, hospitality is about making people comfortable even though they are far away from their comfort zone. Be it using creative technology, or genuinely greeting you any time of the day, we thrive to provide what is best for you. We aim to be your Banyan tree of hospitality forever, a place where everyone is welcome, special and truly important."
MMC,4.0,(365 Reviews),Private,New York + 15 more,152 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With roots dating back to 1871, Marsh & McLennan Companies is today a unique group of businesses with many enduring competitive advantages. Among them are the quality of our colleagues, deep client relationships, vast global footprint, depth of intellectual capital, and cohesive and collaborative culture.

Our 76,000 colleagues around the world are united in purpose and action for the benefit of clients, shareholders, and society. Each day, we work to deliver exceptional value, helping businesses thrive and address the challenges and opportunities of our time. It’s a powerful story.

Our businesses are growth businesses. Our culture is founded on integrity, respect, teamwork, and excellence; and this core set of values and beliefs guides us in everything we do."
BSCPL Infrastruc...,3.8,(364 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 33 more",51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"BSCPL Infrastructure Ltd is an ISO 9001:2015 certified infrastructure development company pioneers in execution of Road Projects, Irrigation projects and recently diversified into Real estate and Hydro Power plants. BSCPL have executed several prestigious projects across India and abroad including Afghanistan & Bangladesh, sometimes under adverse conditions. The experienced and visionary team of promoters, high degree of mechanization with skills in the state of the art technology, professionally qualified and experienced project managers and strong and stable workforce who can execute projects under adverse conditions, the ability to forge partnerships wisely and the practice of executing projects on their own has enabled BSCPL to emerge as a strong partner in the process of building the lifelines of nations. The awarding of grade CR2+ by ICRA indicating strong capacity to execute projects up to Rs. 350 crores in a year."
Quality Austria ...,3.5,(364 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 34 more",13 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Quality Austria Central Asia Pvt. Ltd. (QACA) is a joint venture enterprise of Austria based Quality Austria – Trainings, Zertifizierungs und Begutachtungs GmbH (Quality Austria Training, Certification and Evaluation Ltd.) and Peacock Global Company, New Delhi.QACA is the leading provider of Management System Certification, Trainings & Third Party inspections in the fields of Telecom, Automotive, Coal, Roads, Buildings, Bridges, Oil & Gas and Power.QACA believes in moving up the value chain by providing best in class services relating to certification, training and Industrial Services in order to achieve utmost customer delight"
Yokogawa,3.7,(364 Reviews),Private,"Tokyo,Tokyo-to + 18 more",108 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"FROM being primarily a provider of Process Automation Systems and Products, Yokogawa India Limited (YIL) is today positioned as a Comprehensive Solutions Provider of Enterprise Technology Solutions(ETS). Established in 1987, Yokogawa India has created the state of art global engineering center and manufacturing center in Bangalore.

We have a strong marketing and service network across India. We also have a breadth of competencies to meet the technological requirement of the Indian Process Industry. Yokogawa India excels in turnkey project execution in Process Automation and Enterprise Integration with core competencies in:

Design and Engineering of Process Control Systems

Implementation of Extended Enterprise Applications

Web enabling & Enterprise Application Integration.

Manufacturing Execution Systems Software Development

Project Execution & Management of Process Control systems"
Genus Power Infr...,4.0,(364 Reviews),Public,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 33 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Genus Power Infrastructures Ltd., an ISO 9001: 2015 Public Limited Company forms an integral part of the reputed $400 million Kailash Group. The company primarily deals in manufacturing and distribution of Electronic Energy Meters, Power Distribution Management Projects, Hybrid microcircuits, Inverters, Batteries, Home UPS and Online UPS across India as well as globally. Genus Power Infrastructures Limited, an ISO 9001 & 14001 certified company is an integral part of theUS $400 million Kailash Group. Genus has two business divisions offering highly innovative and sustainablesolutions to the power sector."
Prism Johnson,4.0,(520 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 76 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Prism Johnson Limited (Formerly Prism Cement Limited) is one of India’s leading integrated Building Materials Company, with a wide range of products from cement, ready-mixed concrete, tiles, bath products. The company has three Divisions, viz. Cement, H & R Johnson (India), and RMC (India). The equity shares of the company are listed on the Bombay and National Stock Exchanges"
Lear Corporation,4.0,(363 Reviews),Public,Southfield + 13 more,106 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Lear, a global automotive technology leader in Seating and E-Systems, enables superior in-vehicle experiences for consumers around the world. Our diverse team of talented employees in 39 countries is driven by a commitment to innovation, operational excellence, and sustainability. Lear is Making every drive better™ by providing the technology for safer, smarter, and more comfortable journeys."
Capri Global Cap...,4.1,(363 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 95 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Incepted in 1997, Capri Global Capital Limited (CGCL) is well-known for its range of financial services including home and entrepreneurship loans for those with limited access to financing options and make a lasting difference to their lives.

Today, Capri Global Capital Limited (CGCL) is a listed company on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), the National Stock Exchange (NSE) and registered with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).

To fulfill our mission of building a financially empowered India, we have collaborated with the Capri Investment Group in Chicago.

We cater to aspiring entrepreneurs from MSME sector by addressing their capital needs, so that they are financially self-reliant. Our various offering like Working Capital Term Loans, Term Loans Against Property and Term Loans for Purchase of Property serve this purpose."
Globant,4.3,(363 Reviews),Private,San Francisco + 6 more,20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a digitally native technology services company. We dream and build digital journeys that matter to millions of users. We are the place where engineering, design, and innovation meet scale."
Cox & Kings,3.7,(482 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 48 more",265 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Cox & Kings is the longest established travel company in the world. Its distinguished history began in 1758 when it was appointed as general agents to the regiment of Foot Guards in India under the command of Lord Ligonier.

By 1878, C&K were agents for most British regiments posted overseas, including the Royal Cavalry, Artillery and Infantry, as well as the Royal Wagon Train and the Household Brigade. The Royal Navy was next and in 1912, The Royal Air Force came under its wings.

Between 1750's and 1950's, Cox & Kings was witness to an exciting era in Indian history, and, in its own way, helped to shape it. In 1947, the British administration departed, but bound by strong ties to India, Cox & Kings stayed on and flourished. Today, Cox & Kings is a premium brand in all travel related services in the Indian subcontinent, employing over 5000 trained professionals.

Its India operations are headquartered in Mumbai and has the status of a limited company. It has over 12 fully owned offices in India across key cities such as New Delhi, Chennai, Bangalore, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Kochi, Hyderabad, Pune, Goa, Nagpur and Jaipur.

The worldwide offices are located in UK, USA, Japan, Russia, Singapore and Dubai. It has associate offices in Germany, Italy, Spain, South Africa, Sweden and Australia."
Sutherland Healt...,3.9,(362 Reviews),Private,"Clifton,New Jersey + 7 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sutherland is a recognized leader in providing transformational services and solutions across the healthcare industry.Our digital capabilities have helped nationally-recognized healthcare organizations increase efficiencies, lower costs and improve experiences"
Orient Technolog...,3.7,(362 Reviews),Private,"Chiyoda-ku,Tokyo-to + 30 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ormed in 1992, Orient Technologies is a leading SI and a premier Solution Provider in India's IT space. With a reputation for excellence, we have a proven track record of successfully implementing IT solutions for our clients. Our projects are complimented by our long standing and strategic relationships with some of the world’s leading technology partners including HP, IBM, Cisco, Microsoft, Dell, Oracle, Fortinet and Amazon. Our technology partners consistently turn to us as best in-class solution integrators across the Mid-market and Enterprise business arena. Our customers trust not just in our ability to build solutions, but also in the way we design, implement and support these solutions that makes their businesses run more efficiently, with lower TCO and higher productivity. Our exceptionally skilled, committed and talented team of consultants, engineers, project managers and support teams integrate a wide range of technical, business and financial factors when designing the solution for your business. Our engineering team have hands-on experience in all aspects of IT planning, deployment, operational management and maintenance support. Our design consultants design solutions that fit best within your environment and help achieve your business goals – working with you as trusted advisors to help determine the best solution for your business. We transform your business by changing the role of your ICT systems from a support function to a mission-critical business enabler."
Balkrishna Indus...,4.2,(362 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Against the backdrop of a highly competitive tire market, BKT supports and sustains customers in the growth of their business. We are committed to always offering new quality solutions that are able to satisfy the most demanding user needs for any application. We believe that consistent and continuous investment into technological development is the key to high-performance and functional tires.
Our commitment to mutual growth with our partners in terms of both efficiency and productivity is perfectly illustrated in our claim, “Growing Together”. This philosophy has been inspiring all our production processes and business activities since our inception. 
Considering it part of our social responsibilities, we have adopted the strictest measures for safeguarding the environment. And it goes without saying that we show great respect for our people working every day with passion to achieve our corporate goals. 
It is our intention to be the leader and benchmark in the global Off-Highway tire market, in particular in the specialist segments such as agricultural, construction and industrial vehicles as well as earthmoving, port and mining, ATV, and gardening applications. The achievement of our mission and vision is based on a functional corporate structure led by an effective management."
Medicover Hospit...,3.9,(362 Reviews),"Hyderabad,Telangana + 23 more",12 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"Medicover is one of the most respected healthcare brands in the world with presence in 13 countries across the globe – Germany, Sweden, Poland, Turkey, Belarus, Bulgaria, Georgia, Hungary, Romania, Serbia, Moldova, Ukraine and India

Medicover Hospitals is the fastest growing hospital chain in India. Bringing European standards for the first time in India. Delivering healthcare with passion and commitment.

The Medicover Hospitals mission is to offer qualitative and comprehensive clinical services in a patient friendly environment focused on evidence based medicine, safety, excellence, dignity and transparency."
Hitachi,4.0,(5.1k Reviews),Private,"Tokyo,Japan + 63 more",113 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Hitachi Founded in 1910 has brought together the world’s greatest minds to help breathe life into new possibilities – and drive innovation for a better future. That’s why they look for individuals who share their pioneering spirit, have imaginative ideas, and are fearless when it comes to tackling the world’s biggest challenges.

Hitachi says that Our people love technology – and they love making a difference. They have a passion for finding new solutions and working with brilliant colleagues. Every day they dedicate themselves to a huge range of exciting projects, contributing to the Hitachi vision around the globe.

From engineering new sustainability solutions that conserve water and energy to creating the infrastructure for the smart cities of tomorrow, there’s no challenge too great for our pioneers. And there’s no shortage of opportunities for you to make a difference."
Hapag-Lloyd,4.1,(361 Reviews),Private,Hamburg + 6 more,176 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With a fleet of 239 modern container ships and a total transport capacity of 1.7 million TEU, Hapag-Lloyd is one of the world’s leading liner shipping companies. The company has around 13,000 employees and 392 offices in 129 countries. Hapag-Lloyd has a container capacity of approximately 2.5 million TEU – including one of the largest and most modern fleets of reefer containers. A total of 121 liner services worldwide ensure fast and reliable connections between more than 600 ports on all the continents. Hapag-Lloyd is one of the leading operators in the Transatlantic, Middle East, Latin America and Intra-America trades."
Fiat India Autom...,4.0,(361 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 13 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The history of FIAT began many years ago, at the dawn of Italian industrialisation, in which the company has always played a leading role. From that moment on, the FIAT brand spread throughout the world and developed extensively.

Today, following a change in corporate culture and mentality, the name FIAT is still fraught with meaning, and not only on account of the cars we produce - cars with attractive styling and exciting engines, cars that are accessible and improve the quality of everyday life - but also on account of our heritage and tradition: let's take a stroll back in time through the brand's history."
3M,4.2,(361 Reviews),Public,"Saint Paul,Minnesota + 34 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"When 3M began in 1902, our five founders had a simple goal: to mine for corundum, a mineral ideal for making sandpaper and grinding wheels. Turns out, what they thought was corundum was really another low-grade mineral called anorthosite.

Discovering the poor-quality mineral could have caused an early end to our fledgling company, but our founders persisted. Why? Because something more important was born that first year: the spirit of innovation and collaboration that forms the foundation of 3M today. So instead of calling it quits, we turned to different materials, applied them to other products, gained the trust of important investors and built up sales little by little.

Scientific, technical and marketing innovations produced success upon success over the years, eventually making 3M a constant name on the Fortune 500 list. Today, more than 60,000 3M products are used in homes, businesses, schools, hospitals and other industries. One third of our sales come from products invented within the past five years, thanks to innovations from the thousands of researchers and scientists we employ around the world.

With corporate operations in 70 countries and sales in 200, we are committed to creating the technology and products that advance every company, enhance every home and improve every life."
IFB Industries,3.6,(361 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 58 more,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Deccan Fine Chem...,3.8,(361 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 13 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Deccan Fine Chemicals (“Deccan”) is a privately owned globally operating company focusing on custom manufacturing of active ingredients and advanced intermediates for agrochemical, fine and specialty chemical sectors. We offer fully integrated contract development and manufacturing services from product development to commercial scale. Deccan Fine Chemicals makes every product exclusively for a specific customer and does not sell the same product to other customers. We envision being a preferred strategic supplier of value-added services and products to leading crop protection, pharmaceutical and specialty chemical companies of the world."
Forbes Marshall,4.2,(361 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 20 more",98 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Forbes Marshall is a leader in process efficiency and energy conservation for process industry. Our long and deep customer relationships have enabled develop products and services that help save energy, improve process quality and throughput, and run a clean and safe factory."
Ind-Swift Labora...,3.9,(361 Reviews),Public,"Chandigarh,Chandigarh + 23 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ind-Swift Laboratories Ltd. was named after the Bird “Indian Swiftlet” that is amongst the fastest flying bird in the world spending most of its life flying in air from which we derive our philosophy of inception that lies in speed, growth and persistence. Twenty Years on, what has stayed in our organization’s inheritance is the same spirit of flying high with pride. We are today an integrated pharmaceutical organization with global footprints.We take pride in our constant efforts to contribute towards offering better health to the world. Our current industrial position is achieved after years of research driven manufacturing of products that constantly meet global standards of quality.We are born to fly high and grow and we deliver the same with constant trust and support of our valuable customer base across the globe"
Wockhardt Hospit...,4.1,(361 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 15 more",50 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Wockhardt Hospital's existence is the result of a 50-year tradition of caring and innovation nurtured by Wockhardt Ltd, India's 5th largest Pharmaceutical and Healthcare company with a presence in 20 countries across the globe.

Within a short period since its inception, Wockhardt Hospitals has become a leading health service provider with a strong presence in the western parts of the country i.e., Mumbai, Nagpur, Rajkot, Nasik, and Surat. 

This group of 9 hospitals fulfills the need of the community in its chosen field of super specialties like Cardiology, Orthopedics, Neurology, Gastroenterology, Urology, Aesthetics, and Minimal Access Surgery.

We follow process-driven quality systems that adhere to international standards of clinical care, a safe environment, infection control, and respect for patient rights & privacy. With state-of-the-art multi-disciplinary capabilities and world-class infrastructure and technology, we enrich the quality of life of every patient in a caring and nurturing environment with the greatest respect for human dignity and life.

Many of the Wockhardt group of hospitals have accreditation by the NABH (National Accreditation Board of Hospitals & Healthcare), the highest and the most stringent quality standards institution in India and the National authority in healthcare accreditation. 

To meet these standards the hospital needs to have a quality-driven approach right from the patient registration, admission, pre-surgery & post-surgery protocols, discharge from the hospitals to follow-ups after discharge.

In pursuance of its vision to establish state-of-the-art medical facilities in India along with a high degree of clinical excellence, we have entered into strategic alliances with Partners Medical International, USA, whereby Wockhardt has access to Harvard's expertise and experience in the fields of surgery and other Medicare services.

Partners Medical International (a non-profit organization) serves as a catalyst in bringing together healthcare professionals from around the globe towards improving the delivery of healthcare through education and implementing its vision that every citizen of the world should have access to quality healthcare in their own country. Today, Harvard Medical International has selective collaborations with medical communities, Wockhardt hospitals being one of them.

Wockhardt group of hospitals in India is a preferred destination for patients from Europe, the USA, Africa, the Middle East, and South Asia. Most of the doctors/surgeons have been trained or worked extensively at some of the best medical institutions in the US, Europe, and other advanced countries."
Ramky Enviro Eng...,4.1,(360 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 52 more,29 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Ramky Enviro Engineers Ltd (REEL) is one of Asia’s leading providers of comprehensive environment management services. REEL offers a whole gamut of environmental services and infrastructure solutions under various categories such as Waste Management – hazardous, municipal, bio medical, MAR POL, construction waste & e-waste; Waste to Energy; Recycling – waste water, paper, plastic and integrated waste; Environmental Solutions such as remediation, ETPs and waste water treatment; Automated car park management and Facilities Management. REEL has a growing global footprint, including over 60 spread operating locations spread across India, Singapore, UAE, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman and Tanzania."
Patel Infrastruc...,4.1,(360 Reviews),Private,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujarat + 34 more",51 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We were founded in 1972, by the late Sh. Vithalbhai Gobarbhai Patel, as a partnership firm named as Patel Construction Company and were formally incorporated as a Private Limited Company in 2004. We are promoted and managed by Chairman, Sh. Pravinbhai Vithalbhai Patel Managing Director, Sh. Arvind Vithalbhai Patel and our Whole Time Directors, Sh. Dineshbhai Pragjibhai Vaviya, Sh. Madhubhai Pragjibhai Vaviya and Sh.. Sureshbhai Pragjibhai Vaviya. We are an established construction, development and maintenance service company mainly involved in the business framework of construction of roads and highways, bridges, irrigation and mining projects, construction of commercial buildings, and other ancillary services like toll collection, operation and maintenance of highways."
Adani Green Ener...,4.2,(360 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 48 more",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Adani Green Energy Limited (AGEL) is one of the largest renewable companies in India, with a current project portfolio of 5,290 MW. AGEL is part of the Adani Group’s promise to provide a better, cleaner and greener future for India. Driven by the Group’s philosophy of ‘Growth with Goodness’, the Company develops, builds, owns, operates and maintains utility-scale grid-connected solar and wind farm projects. The electricity generated is supplied to central and state government entities and government-backed corporations.

On the back of long-term Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) of 25 years with central and state government entities, AGEL has leveraged its capabilities and expanded its presence across 11 Indian states. The Company deploys the latest technologies in its projects.. With a portfolio of 46 operational projects and 18 projects under construction, AGEL is driving India on its renewable energy journey."
Piramal Pharma,4.1,(360 Reviews),Public,"Lexington,Kentucky + 30 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Piramal Pharma Solutions is the Contract Development and Manufacturing arm of Piramal Pharma Ltd., with operations across North America, Europe and Asia. We are a global leader in integrated solutions and offer a unique platform of services across the drug lifecycle – from drug discovery and development to commercial manufacturing of drug substances and drug products. Our capability as an integrated service provider & experience with various technologies enable us to serve innovator and generic companies worldwide.

With accreditations from regulatory bodies in US, Europe & Japan, our development centres and manufacturing sites across the globe have a pool of over 700 scientists committed to research & development programs.

At Piramal Pharma Solutions, our focus is on serving as a ‘Customer Centric’ organization. We accomplish this by keeping the “Pulse of the Customer” at the heart of our mission. We are constantly evolving our internal processes, communication and program management in order to continue to provide the best service to our clients.

We have been recognized by several global industry forums and have received awards for our quality, reliability, regulatory compliance and adherence to EHS guidelines."
Navitasys India,3.9,(360 Reviews),Bawal + 14 more,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
SKH Metals,3.9,(359 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 9 more,17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SKH represents the Metals Forming Division of the Krishna Group, a USD 800 million automotive conglomerate headquartered in Gurugram, Haryana and having manufacturing facilities across India, serving all major automotive OEMs across the world successfully for past 25 years."
Ess Kay Fincorp,4.1,(359 Reviews),Public,Jaipur + 101 more,29 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"With a track record of 25+ years in Financial Services business, we are amongst leading Non-Deposit Taking Systematically Important Non-Banking Finance Company (NBFC) in Northern and Western part of India. Over these years, our bonding with the common man has strengthened with the belief that each customer is an asset for us. We serve our customers with a strong network of 250+ branches across 6 states- Rajasthan, Gujarat, Punjab, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. For us, credit worthiness of our customers is always been an article of faith and this faith has guided our journey from one product to now a bouquet of products covering financing to all type of vehicles and tractors, including new and used, two wheelers and providing loans to Small & Medium Enterprises (SMEs).

We have brought together a very highly qualified, experienced and motivated team of credible professionals to lead the Company's growth in new product verticals & at the same time sustain our leadership position in the existing segments of presence."
Updater Services,3.9,(359 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 45 more",38 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Updater Services (P) Limited is India's largest facility management services company, with more than 50,000+ employees with Pan India presence. UDS offers integrated facility management services for Commercial, IT Parks, Township, Manufacturing, Hospitality, Healthcare, Residential, Retail, BFSI and other industries"
Karvy DigiKonnec...,3.2,(359 Reviews),Hyderabad + 17 more,8 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"Karvy DigiKonnect is a subsidiary of Karvy group; Karvy group is a premier financial services provider, ranked among the top 5 across its business segments.Established in 2015 Karvy DigiKonnect has emerged as a leading provider of contact centre services in the highly competitive domestic BPO space.What we offer to our customers is more than just a vendor-customer relationship. We focus on building partnership with our customers to enhance CX & achieve business outcomes through strong service delivery backed by innovative usage of technology and analytics. We are 17000+ people strong, with 24 delivery centres in 14 locations across India. We serve 60+ clients in over 14 languages. Our services bouquet includes Customer Management Services and Industry Specific Solution for various Fortune 500 companies across industry verticals such as Banking & Financial Services, Retail & Ecommerce, Hospitality, Telecom, Emerging Markets and Government."
Riya Travel,3.9,(359 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 31 more",43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Riya Group Enterprise was established as an overseas manpower wing by Mr. GMJ Thampy, the CMD and Chairman. With decades of hard work and adherence to ethics and integrity, the group has emerged as a leading travel organisation. Today, the group is present in over 70 locations across India, USA, Canada and UAE & has a market share of approximately 20% of the travel market in India. Carrying a legacy of nearly 40 years, the group believes travelling is a one-of-a-kind experience and their completely automated travel solutions are exactly what customers need today. They sell directly as well as provide access to selling comprehensive travel services to agents across its all locations. Their spectrum of services currently comprise Air Consolidation, Corporate Travel Management, Retail Travel Services, Packaged Holidays, Religious Tours, Cruise Tours, Special Interest Groups, Training in Travel & Tourism and Student Travel and Travel Technology. Moreover, the group’s global partnerships allows them to offer competitive prices on Air Tickets, Hotel Bookings, Visa, Travel Insurance, Forex and more. Their offerings also include ancillary services like airport assistance, lounge access and pick-up and drop facilities. The group is aware that while dealing with travellers the turnaround time and deadlines are critical. Hence, delivering the perfect solution to the ever-changing needs of our clients is their ultimate goal. Their glorious number of clients and their testimonies can verify that."
IDEMIA,4.0,(359 Reviews),Private,"Courbevoie,Courbevoie + 27 more",6 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are the global leader in Augmented Identity for an increasingly digital world
And this is no small feat. We provide customized solutions in a world that evolves and advances faster than ever before. Today, information travels rapidly around the digitized space, defying boundaries and breaking the traditional codes of security. But our industry expertise, our knack for foresight and our keen ability to adapt has brought us to the forefront of our industry and continues to push us even further every day.

Being a leader means staying on top of the disruptive innovations that impact our security landscape. We understand that the exponential growth of connected objects incites an urgent need to secure people in their physical and digital worlds, but also objects they interact with. We know that in our globalized society, the number of peer-to-peer exchanges, travel, and border crossings is exploding. We are aware that the digitalization of the economy brings about a wave of new business models. We are also mindful of the consumerization of technology and how it impacts our identity and private life."
Varun Motors,4.0,(359 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 22 more",30 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Varun Motors Pvt Ltd, it's not only a car or service that you get - you get an experience that lives with you long after the transaction is over. With a range of exclusive, Varun Motors Pvt Ltd has in a short span of time become a preferred choice of many a Maruti owner. We like to challenge norms and define new benchmarks. Our mission is led by our passion to live and be the change. Our mission is to create lifetime customers, motivated and enthusiastic employees, happy and profitable partners, and to be the most admired dealership by providing each stakeholder an exceptional experience in quality and service, through our passion and commitment to exceed expectations each and every time, showcase high standard of business ethics and customer-centric approach."
SitusAMC,3.3,(359 Reviews),Gurgaon/Gurugram + 13 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Fino Paytech,4.1,(1.1k Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 89 more",17 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"Fino Payments Bank comes to you from an institution that has served the country’s banking needs for over a decade. We truly value your hard work and understand how important it is to you and your family. It is therefore, our continuous endeavor to provide you with an unmatched banking experience, through our simple products & services that can easily be accessed anytime, anywhere, and in your neighbourhood too."
RuralShores,4.1,(358 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 37 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"RuralShores is world's largest rural BPO with operations in 17 centers spread across 8 states. RuralShores works with several bluechip marquee clients of global repute and handles more than 100 complex processes through voice and non-voice services. RuralShores also helps organizations in retail and FMCG penetrate into rural markets and increase their market share through its feet on street support and financial inclusion services.With the vision of Transforming Rural Youth into Confident and Caring Knowledge Professionals through Impact Sourcing, RuralShores aims to provide livelihood to 100,000 rural youth by providing jobs at the doorstep of rural youth rather than bring them to the job."
CGI Information ...,4.2,(358 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 6 more,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Transport Corpor...,4.0,(758 Reviews),Public,Gurgaon + 62 more,65 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Incorporated in 1958, as a “One Man, One Truck, One Office” company, TCI has progressed within its division both internally and externally across boundaries to serve businesses among various industry verticals by being an intrinsic part of the customers’ logistics process. Equipped with highly advanced modern technology, encompassing various walks of life and fields of work and innovative business solutions, TCI is a flag bearer in the arena of logistics for trade and commerce, and is fully poised to leverage the new age technology to reach even newer horizons."
Triveni Engineer...,4.2,(357 Reviews),Public,"Mysore/Mysuru,Karnataka + 38 more",91 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Triveni is one of the Largest diversified group in India having capabilities in Sugar Manufacturing and Engineering Business which comprises high speed gears, gearboxes and Water & Waste Water Treatment Solutions. Triveni Group has two independent listed Companies Viz., Triveni Engineering & Industries Ltd and Triveni Turbine Ltd. Water Business Group of Triveni offers Complete range of Water and Waste Water Treatment Solutions utilising innovative and the largest equipment & technology across the wide spectrum of applications. As tightening water and waste water quality regulations are challenging the limits of conventional treatment system, we provide cost effective systems and services to optimise operation efficiency and lower the life cycle costs. Water Business Group has successfully completed over 100 Water, Wastewater, Recycle & Reuse plants including Zero Liquid Recharge (ZLD) plants for Municipal & Industrial Clients. Strong Track record of Manufacturing process Equipment and over 2000 treatment applications supplied and commissioned. Approximately 8000 MLD of water & waste water is treated through our projects. Technology associations with World's leading technology providers for products, processes and solutions such as SBR, UF, RO . MBBR etc., Project Offerings on EPC, DBO, BOOT and Hybrid Annuity Model Basis. We have over 400 full time employees. Those who are interested in opportunity with us can mail their profile to hr@projects.trivenigroup.com"
Nagarjuna Fertil...,4.0,(357 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 59 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Nagarjuna Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited is today one of India's leading Plant Nutrition Business Organizations. An Organization having a long lineage and expertise in this area dating back to 1985, we are the single largest gas based Fertilizer project based investment in Southern India with a topline and asset base of more than 1 Billion USD respectively. We have a commendable and consistent market leadership in the Nitrogeneous Fertilizer and Micro-Irrigation verticals and the markets that we operate in."
Novotel Hotels,4.3,(356 Reviews),Private,Issy Les Moulineaux + 24 more,56 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Destination hotels that make everyday moments matterEvery Novotel is a destination in itself.The natural and intuitive modern design gives our hotels a relaxed but lively atmosphere, making each area the perfect spot for guests and locals to have a drink, a bite to eat, work, play or just relax. At Novotel, everyone can disconnect from busy life and make time to reconnect with themselves, their family or friends, through a range of rewarding experiences that have been designed to enhance life balance, sense of wellbeing but also enjoyment"
Ask Automotive,4.2,(356 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 18 more",35 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"ASK Automotive Pvt. Ltd is a leading manufacturer and supplier of friction products, aluminum die casting products and safety control cables to leading automotive OEMs. ASK is the largest two-wheeler friction product manufacturer in India. With a network of 16 Plants located at strategic locations across India, the company has its own Research & Development and Design facilities."
Medtronic,3.9,(361 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 31 more",44 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Medtronic plc is a medical device company that generates the majority of its sales and profits from the U.S. healthcare system but is headquartered in the Republic of Ireland for tax purposes. Medtronic has an operational and executive headquarters in Fridley, Minnesota in the U.S."
Keventer,4.0,(355 Reviews),Private,Kolkata + 41 more,37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Keventer Group is a Kolkata based Rs. 1,500 crore business conglomerate with businesses across varied industries like food processing and real estate. Keventer Agro Limited, the food processing business of Keventer Group, is one of the fastest growing Food Company in Eastern India. Keventer Agro is present across categories like dairy, bananas, frozen foods, export of food commodities, franchisee for beverages and franchisee for hospitality brands.

Established in 1986, Keventer Agro Limited acquired the rights of Edward Keventer’s operations and now aims to take the legacy of over 125 years in Food & Dairy to new heights, while remaining committed to Edward Keventer's philosophy and beliefs. 

While the vision of Edward Keventer helped plant the seed more than 125 years back, it has been nurtured and carried forward since then by Mr. Mahendra Kumar Jalan, a visionary himself, and his team. Mr. Jalan was already a successful entrepreneur trading in steel and structurals, when the MKJ group took over Keventer in 1986 with the aim of entering the Food, Dairy and Beverages businesses. The Company’s foray into the Beverages business began by becoming a franchisee of Parle Agro – the brand owners of Frooti and Appy – in 1987, and till today, is one of the largest franchisees of the company in the country.

In 1996, the Keventer Agro entered the Dairy business as one of the 3 partners in India's first joint sector Dairy Project – Metro Dairy, funded by the World Bank under the Operation Flood Phase III Programme. Today, Metro Dairy is a 100% owned subsidiary of Keventer Agro and “Metro” is one of the top 3 Dairy Brands in Kolkata."
Larsen & Toubro ...,4.0,(34.2k Reviews),Chennai + 64 more,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"Headquartered in Mumbai, Larsen & Toubro Limited is one of the largest and most respected companies in India's private sector. With over 80 years of a strong, customer focused approach and a continuous quest for world-class quality, L&T has unmatched capabilities across Technology, Engineering, Construction, and Manufacturing, and maintains a leadership in all its major lines of business."
Cloudnine Hospit...,4.0,(354 Reviews),JV,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 18 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Cloudnine, we believe that a child is life’s greatest gift and pregnancy is one of the most magical experiences nature can offer. This gift deserves to be nurtured and cared for, not just at birth, but for the entire duration of your pregnancy. Which is why, to ensure a healthy and happy pregnancy, Cloudnine provides you with world-class medical expertise, state-of-the-art facilities, a space filled with love and laughter and staff dedicated to the holistic well-being of you and your baby.

Having celebrated over 45,000 births across regions, with a 3000+ strong team, Cloudnine has expanded its reach to multiple facilities across India while continuing to maintain and excel international standards of care and is still going strong with plans to reach every woman and child in India. Our medical expertise and comprehensive care extends well past maternity services."
Ukb Electronics,4.2,(354 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 11 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"UKB Electronics Pvt. Ltd. is an ISO / TS 16949:2009, ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 14001:2009 Certified company and a frontrunner when it comes to manufacturing and supplying wires, cables, wiring harness, power cords, mobile accessories and many other electrical & electronic products in India and global market since 1996. We take pride in ourselves as we abide by strict quality standards for manufacturing. Our prime motto “Commitment to Quality and Client Satisfaction” has not only contributed to the expansion of the group, but also has been able to inculcate trust and respects amid our client"
Salesforce,4.3,(358 Reviews),Public,"San Francisco,California + 16 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We’re the number one CRM platform that’s bringing artificial intelligence to everyone. Create deeper relationships with your customers using the world’s first CRM solution that’s available with Einstein AI — it uses your Salesforce data to constantly get smarter, making you more productive and your customers happier."
BharatMatrimony....,3.7,(353 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 27 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"BharatMatrimony, India's leading provider of online matchmaking services delivers matchmaking services to users in India and the Indian diaspora through its websites, mobile sites and mobile apps complemented by on-the-ground network of 140 retail centres in India. It has been ranked as India's most trusted online matrimony brand by The Brand Trust Report India Study 2014 (a study covering 20,000 brands across 16 cities). BharatMatrimony.com comprises a network of 15 regional portals. BharatMatrimony has been featured in the Limca Book of Records for ""most number of documented marriages online""."
Deloitte Touche ...,4.0,(353 Reviews),"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 19 more",13 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),N/A,"Deloitte & Touche is a global Information Technology (IT) Services and Solutions company. We provide cutting-edge IT Solutions for Enterprises to effectively utilize the available resources and efficiently manage the operations. Our excellent team of Technology Professionals work with enterprise clients in North America, Latin America, Australia, Europe, Middle East and Asia.

DE TOUCHE is now leading the way in powering next-generation enterprises with its Cloud, Mobility, Big Data and Social Media solutions. Leveraging our technology and vertical knowledge prowess, we partner with our clients to create transformational value that provides sustainable competitive advantage. Our delivery processes and expertise assist you to solve your business' most complex problems, help you reduce risk and attain competitive advantage.2010"
Chandigarh Unive...,3.3,(353 Reviews),Private,"Mohali,Punjab + 29 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Chandigarh University is a full-fledged university established by the Punjab State Legislature and is recognized by University Grants Commission under Section 2(f) with the right to confer degrees as per Section 22(1) of the UGC Act, 1956.
The name of the university is inspired name from The City Beautiful – Chandigarh, known as epitome of cultural heritage and urbanization.
Chandigarh University offers unique and inspirational academic model designed to match the international standards. Wide spectrum of programs are paired with flexibility, experiential learning and interdisciplinary orientation.
CU is involved in a world-class research, with outstanding results in the latest Research excellence framework.
Chandigarh University has a dynamic academician fraternity drawn from top universities nationally and internationally. CU offers most conducive student-faculty ratio at CU is 14:1, offering 85 percent student satisfaction.
CU provides global perspective to its graduates, to facilitate our students with global learning opportunities, CU has partnered with more than 200+ top ranked universities worldwide.
Around 65% of our students come from 29 Indian states, 5 Union Territories and 30 Nations, so CU has a cosmopolitan, friendly and inclusive atmosphere
As a student-centric university, Chandigarh University provides optimal learning experiences and services that lead to student success. We empowers our students to take responsibility for their academic work, social life and career development.
CU has state-of- the- art technology integrated into every area of the university. From in-house designed and implemented university information management system (CUIMS) to high speed internet access all around campus we are driven by technology.
Chandigarh University is a not-for-profit university that is underpinned by the ethical professional governance, involving the students and staff in creation of healthy vibrant and sustainable society."
Simplilearn,3.4,(352 Reviews),Private,"San Francisco,California + 2 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Simplilearn is the world's #1 online Bootcamp for digital economy skills training focused on helping people acquire the skills they need to thrive in the digital economy.

We provide rigorous online training in disciplines such as Cyber Security, Cloud Computing, Project Management, Digital Marketing, and Data Science, among others. In other words, we specialize in areas where technologies and best practices are changing rapidly, and the demand for qualified candidates significantly exceeds supply.

Based in San Francisco, California, and Bangalore, India, we have helped over two million professionals, and companies across 150+ countries get trained, acquire certifications, and upskill their employees.

Our award-winning online boot camps are designed and updated by 2000+ renowned industry and academic experts. Through individual courses, comprehensive certification programs, and partnerships with world-renowned universities, we provide millions of professionals and thousands of corporate training organizations with the work-ready skills they need to excel in their careers. Our practical and applied approach has resulted in 85 percent of learners reporting career benefits including promotions and new jobs after completing the training. With over 1,500 live classes each month, real-world projects, and more, professionals learn by doing at Simplilearn."
NecLife,3.6,(352 Reviews),Public,"Chandigarh,Chandigarh + 13 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Nectar Lifesciences Ltd (NecLife) is a 300 million US$ integrated pharmaceutical organization, offering comprehensive range of Cephalosporin  Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients and  Finished Dosage Forms. The development and manufacture of quality intermediates, bulk actives have been critical to our success to become one of the largest manufacturers of cephalosporin range of products and delivering innovative and affordable products to domestic as well as international markets.  NecLife has tactically positioned itself in the global pharmaceutical industry. It has developed sustainable production systems to manufacture highest quality pharmaceutical products meeting diverse requirements of its customer base in over 45 countries worldwide from its globally approved facilities."
HIL,4.2,(352 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 47 more",77 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"HIL Limited is a flagship Company of the C.K. Birla Group of Companies. Incorporated on 17th June 1946, we are one of the oldest fibre cement roof manufacturing companies in India. We are proud to have developed brands that have stood the test of time and created a legacy of market leadership. Our sheeting brand “Charminar” built over a period of 70 years based on affordability, quality, strength and durability, continues to enjoy the confidence of our customers. Our extensive sales and distribution network spread across the country, with a representation in all the states, is a result of our continued efforts to extend the network and ensure availability of our products even in remote rural areas"
Blackberrys,4.0,(352 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 62 more",32 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"It has been 25 years since our humble beginnings in the bylanes of Chandni Chowk, New Delhi. Ever since, Blackberrys has grown by leaps and bounds to redefine occasion wear. From starting out as a garment manufacturer, the company has evolved from a wholesaler to a retailer, and it is today a leading fashion brand. Since the time of its inception, the brand has always served as a catalyst for success.
Blackberrys exists in a man’s world to be his partner-in-success, as he sprints towards his ambitions with a burning desire to keep winning. The brand will do all it takes to enable this man to write his success story, while keeping him sharp and always in style. From trousers, suits, jackets and blazers for formal occasions to bringing in khakis, shirts, denims, t-shirts and inner wear, shoes and accessories, Blackberrys has turned out to be a one-stop shop for men’s growing fashion needs."
Paras Dairy,3.7,(352 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 41 more",36 years old,501-1k Employees (India),India's Largest Private sector dairy company in terms of milk handling capacity and having highest market share in Ghee segment. Quality is believed to be a dynamic process which requires continuous monitoring and up gradation. Thus it is our constant endeavor to make quality an integral part of the entire value chain rather than the end point.
IVY Comptech,4.2,(352 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 2 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are one of the largest technology providers for GVC Holdings, one of the world's biggest gaming groups, and FTSE 250 listed organizations. Our platform supports more than 15 brands including Bwin, Coral, and Ladbrokes, operating across multiple jurisdictions. Our innovations are industry-leading and we deliver the cutting-edge software, business and data tools, and customer support services that enable GVC to provide the very best digital experience."
B.L. Kashyap & S...,3.7,(352 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 21 more",45 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"B.L Kashyap is a listed Building & Civil Engineering Construction company, with a Pan India presence. We build-Hospitals, Hotels, Offices , IT parks, Industries, Metros, Commercial Spaces, Residential Buildings, Institutional Buildings and Airports. Some of our more recent projects you may recognise : Shangri-La Bangalore, Embassy Golf Links, Manyata Tech Park, New Flipkart Office, VR Bengaluru, Phoenix Market-city Mall, Prestige Golfshire, BhartiyaCity, Four Season Residences, Select City & DLF Promenade Mall New Delhi, One Horizon Centre, JW Marriott Aero-city, Wildflower Hall Shimla, Taj Jodhpur, Park Hyatt Goa, Hilton, Hero Honda Factory, Toyota Factory , Domestic Airport New Delhi, IIT Delhi extension, AIIMS (Raipur & Patna). etc. We have a capacity, and are currently delivering 25 Million Sq. ft. every year across India. With a company of over 1500 Engineers and over 10,000 Employees across India; Our People, We believe are our Biggest strength."
Orient Electric,4.2,(352 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 39 more",69 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Orient Electric Limited (OEL) is part of the diversified Indian conglomerate CK Birla Group. A distinguished name in the Indian fan industry for more than 60 years, Orient Electric has today established itself in the market as a one-stop brand for lifestyle electrical solutions which include Fans, Lighting, Home Appliances and Switchgears. Orient Electric takes pride in its R&D capabilities, spirit of continuous innovation and commitment to manufacture cutting-edge lifestyle electrical products that meet the needs and expectations of new age consumers. It has fully integrated manufacturing facilities based in Kolkata, Faridabad, Noida and Guwahati. It is largest manufacturer and exporter of fans from India with a dominating presence in over 40 international markets. It is also the second largest manufacturer of LED bulbs in India and the first Indian lighting brand to have been awarded BEE star rating for LED bulbs. In the domestic market, it has a well-organised distribution network driven by over 4000 dealers, 1,25,000 retail outlets and a strong service network covering 450 cities."
Macawber Beekay,4.1,(352 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 23 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MBL specializes in providing ash handling solutions, fly ash handling, slurry disposal system, ash water recovery system, coal handling systems and pneumatic coal mill rejects handling system"
Country Holidays...,4.5,(352 Reviews),Private,"New Delhi,Delhi + 11 more",1 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Country Holidays Travel had started the journey with only 20 employees onboard, but with all our passion and diligence we have successfully surpassed our vision and we've grown up to be a happy family of over 500 employees. We consider CHTI as our own family because our employees who work here with their absolute dedication are all united with the same passion, same sincerity and same mission and we like to celebrate their spirit of togetherness year after year and cherish our bonds even more. We believe they are the backbone of our company and are a significant reason for our continuous growth. Country Holidays Travel India is a time saving option for our customers whose only passion is travel. CHTI provide them an opportunity to travel hassle-free.

The prime objective to start the company was to provide mesmerizing travel options with customized economical benefits to the travelers right under one roof. In short, CHTI has been established to make its mark in providing the choicest of hassle free luxury travel experiences, which everyone can afford with ease.

The vast empire of CHTI is currently spread across the globe with 250 travel associates and 3,500 ties up collaborative properties."
Okaya Power,3.8,(351 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 61 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"OKAYA has been a symbol of trust and quality for years making it a pioneer in the battery manufacturing industry. It produces a wide range of batteries, suitable for all kinds of application, with a very diverse product category viz. Tubular Battery- Inverter Battery and Solar Battery, SMF Battery, and E-Rickshaw Battery. It is the sole manufacturer of 100% Tubular Batteries, which is considered as best for power back up needs, used both in Inverter and Solar Batteries. The batteries manufactured are eco-friendly, ISO certified automated plants and are capable of being completely recycled, thereby minimizing wastage and living up to its responsibility towards the environment. It confirms that all the products are made of the best quality material, using the latest technology, so you get nothing but the best."
Stock Holding Co...,3.8,(351 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 82 more",37 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"A fast growing economy needs an equally robust financial ecosystem to back it. At StockHolding we are committed to making it happen. We were incorporated in 1986 as a Public Limited Company and are a subsidiary of IFCI Limited. Our equity capital is held by leading financial companies and banks like LIC, GIC, IFCI Ltd., SU-UTI, NIA, NIC, UIC, and TOICL.Since our inception, we have evolved steadily to be a financial powerhouse offering a suite of offerings which help to ease the financial planning needs of individuals. Covering short-term savings, investments in the stock market, personal & family needs, long-term security, easy loans, retirement plans and even protection for life & valuables"
Thermo Fisher Sc...,4.1,(366 Reviews),Private,"Waltham,Massachusetts + 21 more",67 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (NYSE: TMO) is the world leader in serving science, with revenues of more than $24 billion and approximately 70,000 employees globally. Our mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. We help our customers accelerate life sciences research, solve complex analytical challenges, improve patient diagnostics, deliver medicines to market and increase laboratory productivity. Through our premier brands – Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific and Unity Lab Services – we offer an unmatched combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and comprehensive services"
Al Turki Enterpr...,3.6,(350 Reviews),Private,Muscat + 6 more,18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We at Al Turki Enterprises LLC (ATE) have established a reputation in the Sultanate of Oman as an Excellent Grade, 100% Omani owned Construction Company known for delivering high quality construction, products and services to our valued customers in a timely and safe manner. Since its conception in 1976, Al Turki Enterprises LLC has grown into being one of the leaders in the construction industry in Oman with a workforce of over 7000 people."
Leighton Contrac...,4.4,(350 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 16 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Leighton Asia leverages comprehensive sector expertise and geographic diversity as a leading construction provider. We possess a unique combination of local knowledge and extensive international experience, which allows us to develop competitive, innovative and practical solutions across Asia, India and the global offshore market. Our ability to consistently deliver results to clients, shareholders and communities in our geographically vast and culturally diverse footprint is backed by our motivated, focused and performance-driven employees."
Vijai Electrical...,3.6,(350 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 33 more",50 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Vijai Electricals Ltd. manufacturing plant, the first of its kind in India, for AMDT's is the largest, fully integrated, manufacturing facility in the world outside USA. With a Samrakshana Electricals Ltd. (SEL), sister concern of Vijai Electricals Ltd. provides support to Vijai by manufacturing and supplying almost all major components that go into the making of Transformers. This helps Vijai to get an edge over competitors in terms of quality, price and delivery schedules, while maintaining an effective and complete control on the entire supply chain"
CareerNet Consul...,3.8,(350 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 12 more,24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1999, CareerNet is the leading provider of Talent Acquisition and Recruitment Process Outsourcing solutions to the Technology, Knowledge Services, Banking and Financial Services sectors in India. The leadership team has several decades of collective experience working for global services and consulting firms and are alumni of premier educational institutions in India.

CareerNet aims to provide fast, simple and cost-effective solutions for our clients, through strategic advice and solutions in the areas of Recruitment Process Outsourcing, Talent Acquisition Strategy and Planning, Compensation Advisory, University Recruitment, Leadership Acquisition, Talent Branding, Role Design, Performance Management Systems, Outplacement and Exit Management."
Nelito System,3.5,(350 Reviews),Private,Navi Mumbai + 31 more,28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Nelito Systems Limited is part of the Tata Group. It is an IT solutions & services company, engaged in Software products & Applications development, Software implementation & roll-out, training, Software & IT Infrastructure support, FMS, Project management and Professional services."
Bharat Serums an...,3.9,(350 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 37 more",52 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bharat Serums And Vaccines Limited is one of the fastest growing bio pharmaceutical companies in India. BSV established in 1971 by the late Dr. Vinod Daftary researches, develops, manufactures, and markets injectable biological, pharmaceutical, and biotechnology products."
Ziqitza Health C...,4.1,(350 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 39 more",18 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Ziqitza Health Care Limited (ZHL), has beena pioneer in the Emergency Medical Response Services and Patient Transport Services in India since 2005.ZHL was setup by a group of young professionals who, after their training in the US and entrepreneurial projects in India, realised the acute need for an organised and networked Ambulance service in India, which would also be the fastest emergency response service."
Maveric Systems,3.8,(350 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 5 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Started in 2000, Maveric Systems is a niche, domain-led, BankTech specialist, that partners with global banks to solve their business challenges through emerging technology. Our 3000+ technology specialists and proven frameworks help our customers navigate a rapidly changing environment, enabling sharper definition of their goals and measures to achieve them. .

We accelerate digital transformation in retail, corporate & wealth management lines of business through

●  Inherent banking domain strength
●  A customer intimacy led delivery model
●  Differentiated talent, with layered competency – deep domain and tech leadership, supported by a culture of ownership, energy, and commitment to customer success.
●  Our global presence spans across 15 countries with regional delivery capabilities in Bangalore, Chennai, Dubai, London, Poland, Riyadh and Singapore. 

We have specialized competencies across Data, Digital, Core Banking and Quality Engineering. Through our commitment to finding the best solutions for customers, we have been able to establish ourselves as a “trusted partner” to many global banks who expect us to deliver their challenging digital transformations."
Westin,3.9,(349 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 25 more",93 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"No matter what obstacles travel puts between you and your well-being, Westin’s signature wellness programs help you soar above it all. Discover over 200 locations around the globe where you can eat, sleep, move, feel, work and play well, transcending the rigors of travel while you’re on the road. Stay well at Westin Hotels & Resorts, a place where together, we can rise."
Sintex-bapl,3.7,(349 Reviews),Public,Pune + 39 more,16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sintex-BAPL Ltd. is incorporated in the year 2007 as the fully owned subsidiary of Sintex Holding B V , Netherlands. It was formerly known as the automotive division of Bright Brothers Limited. On July 11,1947 Bright Brothers Limited was incorporated in Mumbai. In 1948- pioneered Injection Molding technology in the India. We are passionate about automobiles and we use plastic as a medium to provide innovative solutions to the automotive industry. Our vision is to offer value to our customers at each stage and to be a Supplier of Choice for automotive industry, with commitment to Quality, Cost and Delivery.

Sintex-BAPL Ltd. has acquired the knowledge with the developing automotive industry in India for the past 37 years & have been offering innovative solutions to its customers. Sintex-BAPL Ltd. has established a process for integrating the design , engineering & manufacturing through which knowledge acquired in different platforms are deployed across the locations. Today ,we are a preferred Full Solution Supplier. The company employs range of plastic technologies like Injection moulding with gas assisted PEP & Sequential flow technology , Blow moulding , Vacuum forming , PU foaming , Vibration welding , Ultrasonic welding , PU painting , sub-assemblies , LRTM , Thermoset injection & Compression molding."
Cigniti Technolo...,4.0,(349 Reviews),Public,"Irving,Texas + 4 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We offer end-to-end Digital Assurance, Quality Engineering, Advisory & Transformation, and Quality Assurance services to global enterprises across verticals such as BFSI, HCLS, Retail, TTH, ISVs, and more. 

We provide strategic quality engineering services that help enterprises implement the best digital transformation practices. We help accelerate the launching of secured applications by predicting and preventing unanticipated failures, leveraging AI-driven, proprietary Continuous Testing & Test Automation solutions that are platform and tool agnostic, thereby optimizing engagement for customer experience."
Gandhi Automatio...,4.3,(349 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 16 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Gandhi Automations Pvt Ltd is India's No.1 Entrance Automation and Loading Bay Equipment Company. This widely recognized position has been achieved over years of hard work, innovation, commitment to quality, and reliable customer service. 

The company has spread its presence around the globe and is certified to ISO 9001: 2015, ISO 14001: 2015 & BS OHSAS 18001: 2007 by TUV Nord. Since its inception in 1996, Gandhi Automations has been specializing in designing, manufacturing, exporting, and installing products that are problem free and easy to operate. The products conform to the highest safety standards complemented with reliability and energy efficiency."
Sterlite Power T...,4.0,(349 Reviews),"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 42 more",13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Sterlite Power is a leading integrated power transmission developer and solutions provider globally, focused on addressing complex challenges in the sector by tackling the key constraints of time, space and capital.In our Global Infrastructure Business, we bid, design, construct, own and operate power transmission assets across multiple geographies. Given our expertise in project execution and our experience in leveraging cutting-edge technology, we have built a track record of commissioning projects ahead of schedule, addressing the key constraint of time. We help meet the industry’s need for capital by implementing projects on a BOOM (Build Own Operate Maintain) basis and being at the forefront of financial innovation via IndiGrid, India’s first power sector Infrastructure Investment Trust (InvIT)."
FOCUS EDUMATICS,3.7,(348 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 5 more",24 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We are a customized e-learning solutions provider, offering Content, Media, and IT-enabled Services (ITES) for Publishers of educational materials, catering to K12, Higher Ed, and Professional Development."
PPG Asian Paints,3.9,(348 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 45 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Asian Paints PPG Pvt. Limited is a leading player in the Field of Protective, Performance & Powder Coatings. The company is a 50:50 joint venture between Asian Paints & PPG Industries, USA. Asian Paints is India's largest and Asia's third largest paint company with an unparalleled network of supply chain & market penetration. PPG Industries, a global, multi-billion dollar company is a world leader in performance and industrial coatings, headquartered in Pittsburgh USA. Through this joint venture we have combined the best of both the worlds to offer technological superiority, operational excellence and global presence with local support. Our mission is to support our customers by providing superior products and services, develop innovative solutions to offer protection and aesthetics at optimized cost. Our brands are tried and trusted to deliver consistent performance in their given market. Asian Paints PPG offers choices that anticipate and answer virtually every requirement of customers / markets. The range includes Protective Coatings, Floor Coatings, Road Markings and Powder Coatings. The company also offers customized coatings for non-auto OEM’s. Backed by world class R&D center in the country, quality production techniques and professional coating advice, this ISO 9001 certifed company aims to create extra value for our customers."
JK Tech,3.7,(348 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 14 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"JK Tech is a next-generation Digital and IT services provider enabling clients globally to navigate their digital transformation. We stand by our vision of being ""Committed to a Superior Experience"" with our customers, our people, and our social environment.

With offices in the US, UK, Sri Lanka, and India, JK Tech offers specialized capabilities across Automotive, Manufacturing, Retail & Consumer Products, and Healthcare. Our niche solutions across Modernization and Hyperautomation help improve performance and create lasting value across our customer enterprises.

JK Tech is an organization that strives hard to give a great work environment for its employees, wherein learning and development play a prominent role. For us, our employees are our greatest assets.

Our Core value ‘CARE’ which is focused on our employees, customer, partners, and community includes-

o Customer Centricity
o Accountability & Leadership
o Respect for others
o Employee empowerment"
PrimEra Medical ...,3.6,(348 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"PrimEra Medical Technologies provides comprehensive world-class technology services and solutions for the healthcare providers. We provide the wide range of services including Health Information Services (HIS), Revenue Cycle Management (RCM), Health Information Management (HIM) and Data Quality solutions, IT infrastructure support, etc."
Hilti,3.9,(347 Reviews),Private,Schaan + 29 more,82 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Hilti Corporation is a Liechtenstein multinational company that develops, manufactures, and markets products for the construction, building maintenance, energy and manufacturing industries, mainly to the professional end-user."
Khazana Jeweller...,4.0,(347 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 44 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"In 1989, Mr. Kishore Kumar Jain arrived in Chennai with a vision to create exquisite jewellery that resonates with every woman and thus was founded Khazana.

He then went out to redefine organized jewellery retail in India by setting up the first showroom at NSC Bose Road, Chennai.

At Khazana’s core lies the understanding that a woman’s relationship with her jewellery goes beyond just a particular design or gem and becomes an integral part of her true spirit and style.

This underlying sincerity was the driving force that led to the quest for the country’s most skilled karigars to envision and forge exquisite gold & diamond jewellery, each of which is hand-picked and truly one of a kind.

Today, after more than 2 decades of pursuing perfection, Khazana continues to push the boundaries of innovation and excellence having opened more than 50 showrooms across India and the Middle East."
IRB Infrastructu...,4.2,(347 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 44 more",25 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Incorporated way back in year 1998, IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd. has today become India’s leading and one of the largest Infrastructure Developing Company in BOT Space, committed to the Roads & Highway sector.Ever since the first ever project completed by the Company, our actions have been guided by the sole objective of delivering value.Over the years, we have reinforced our commitment by delivering large, technically complex projects across India, on difficult terrains and in a tough industry environment.Building seamless connections and facilitating Socio-Economic-Cultural developments, we are proud to be part of India’s transformation."
MAHLE Behr India,4.2,(347 Reviews),JV,Pune + 6 more,26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Incorporated in 1997, MAHLE ANAND Thermal Systems came about as a result of ANAND’s joint venture with MAHLE Behr GmbH & Co.KG, Germany. A technology leader when it comes to the manufacture of comprehensive automotive thermal management components, they are ANAND’s systems partners for the automobile industry. MAHLE ANAND Thermal Systems’s agility in responding to the rapidly- changing sectoral environment has defined its progression over the last two decades."
Bahwan Engineeri...,4.0,(347 Reviews),Private,Ruwi + 15 more,46 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Bahwan Engineering Group is a leading Omani Construction, Product Sales and Support Services conglomerate. We, as part of the Bahwan Holding, specialise in delivering solutions to diverse businesses in Oman and UAE. Beyond our core business, we have an active investment arm and a chemical products manufacturing plant."
Scientific Publi...,3.8,(346 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 2 more,28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SPS was founded in 1995 as a joint venture between Science+Business Media, Germany and Sharad Wasani, India. Sharad Wasani is a pioneer in the publishing outsourcing business and introduced this concept more than 30 years back. Started in 1995 with one office and 54 employees SPS today operates from six offices with around 3300 staff. We started by providing pre-media services for STM (Science, Technology, and Medicine) book and journal publishers. Over the years it has evolved into one of the top solution provider for the publishing industry around the world. SPS continues to lead through with its technology, people, and innovation. It has partnered with customers of varied requirements to create value propositions. In SPS we attach equal importance to winning the loyalty of both customers and employees"
Citco,3.3,(346 Reviews),Private,Cayman Islands + 5 more,7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1948, Citco was established by the Smeets family to meet the needs of multinationals and private clients following the Second World War. Since then, we have been a leader in international finance, deeply involved in establishing the Eurobond and hedge fund markets. Today, Citco is still managed by the Smeets family and retains its entrepreneurial character.

Our business principles govern everything we do. They are deeply engrained in our culture.As a highly-respected name in our industry, the Citco Group of Companies is known as both a high-quality service provider and forward-thinking partner. The founding family still runs Citco and continues to provide a broad range of financial services to our clients worldwide. True to our founding principles, we tailor our solutions to clients’ exact needs, continually investing in our network to deliver the highest-quality solutions.

Citco is widely recognised for its leadership in alternative asset servicing. For the past few decades, industry publications have ranked us highly for our excellent service and innovation. This recognition reflects our drive to continually develop new solutions for our industry."
Amar Ujala,3.9,(346 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 42 more",75 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Amar Ujala is India’s 4th largest newspaper with a total readership of 4.70 crore readers as per the latest Indian Readership Survey (IRS). Amar Ujala has 21 editions, in 6 states and 2 Union Territories covering 179 districts. 

With a total daily readership of 4.70crore readers (Source: IRS2019Q2,TR), making it one of the most widely read broadsheet newspaper in India circulation base of 26.75 lakh copies (1.79 lakh copies of variant included) (Source: ABC January-June 2019) (RNI figures for Lucknow and Kanpur included), it covers Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh , Jammu and Kashmir,Haryana, Chandigarh, Punjab, Delhi NCR and Uttar Pradesh."
Nucleus Software...,3.9,(345 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 8 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Nucleus Software we provide lending and transaction banking products to the global financial services industry. As a pioneer in retail and corporate banking software since 1986, we combine deep expertise with an unprecedented track record and a total commitment to building lasting partnerships with our customers.Our software powers the operations of more than 150 companies in over 50 countries, supporting retail lending, corporate banking, cash management, mobile and internet banking, automotive finance and other business areas."
Xerox,4.0,(345 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 25 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Action Construct...,3.9,(345 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 30 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ACE - ACTION CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT LIMITED Is India’s leading material handling and construction equipment manufacturing company with a majority market share in Mobile Cranes and Tower Cranes segment. In addition to Mobile Cranes, ACE also offers Mobile/Fixed Tower Cranes, Crawler Cranes, Truck Mounted Cranes, Lorry Loaders, Backhoe Loaders/Loaders, Vibratory Rollers, Forklifts, Tractors & Harvesters and other Construction Equipment. ACE has a consolidated presence in all major Infrastructure, Construction, Heavy Engineering and Industrial Projects across the country."
Livpure,4.1,(345 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 65 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Livpure Pvt. Ltd. is a well-known Organisation in the Indian corporate world and is one of the most trusted manufacturers of water purifiers in India.The brainchild of technocrats and experienced professionals, it is focused on delivering superior water purifiers for home and commercial use across India. We, at Livpure aim to establish new benchmarks in water purification technology and offer World-class choices in modern potable water systems to the Indian consumer."
TCI Express,4.1,(345 Reviews),Public,Gurugram + 59 more,27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"TCI XPS was established in 1996 as one of the foremost divisions of Transport Corporation of India (TCI), India’s most admired logistics company.

Today TCI XPS has been hived off to become TCI EXPRESS LIMITED, an independent company listed with stock exchanges of India. Here the focus is very clearly on express cargo distribution with greater emphasis on the burgeoning e-commerce business. We specialize in offering time definite solutions. We are the only express cargo company in India having our own set up across India reinforced with a team of over 2500 professionals and more than 40000 delivery points."
Asb Internationa...,4.2,(345 Reviews),Private,"Thane,Maharashtra + 10 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ASB International Pvt. Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nissei ASB Machine Co.Ltd., Japan. Nissei ASB Machine Co Ltd. was founded in the year 1978 & through the years continues to be a world leader in manufacturing and providing total solutions for production of biaxially oriented PET containers. ASB has its head office in Japan & manufacturing facilities at Japan and India besides having a world wide sales and service network. ASB International Pvt. Ltd., besides being a wholly owned subsidiary of Nissei ASB Machine Co. Ltd. Japan is also a 100% Export Oriented Unit. ASBI started as a project in December 1997 and was formally inaugurated on 23rd November 1999. The Commercial production started from January 2000. ASBI as on date comprises of a world class manufacturing facility at Ambernath established at a cost of over Rs.870 million. It is one of the most modern and largest manufacturing facilities among PET processing machine manufacturers in the world.ASB International Pvt. Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nissei ASB Machine Co.Ltd., Japan. Nissei ASB Machine Co Ltd. was founded in the year 1978 & through the years continues to be a world leader in manufacturing and providing total solutions for production of biaxially oriented PET containers. ASB has its head office in Japan & manufacturing facilities at Japan, China and India besides having a world wide sales and service network."
Livpure,4.1,(345 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 65 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Livpure Pvt. Ltd. is a well-known Organisation in the Indian corporate world and is one of the most trusted manufacturers of water purifiers in India.The brainchild of technocrats and experienced professionals, it is focused on delivering superior water purifiers for home and commercial use across India. We, at Livpure aim to establish new benchmarks in water purification technology and offer World-class choices in modern potable water systems to the Indian consumer."
Cpf India,4.1,(344 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 45 more",29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"C P Group is one of the largest group companies of Thailand. The C P group, as an international private enterprises of Thailand and has prospered from agro-industrial business and has researched, developed and spread technology for over the past 70 years to provide the highest benefits to both the procedures (especially farmers) and consumers. During the course of over seven decades, C P group has expanded worldwide and can be considered the number one international corporation in Thailand. Countries with which C P does trading are Singapore, Korea, Hong Kong, Japan, Belgium, USA, Germany, Dubai, and in South America – namely Chile, Peru, Argentina and Brazil. Countries with which the group trades and invests in are Malaysia, Vietnam and Taiwan. Countries in which the group has invest are Combodia, Myanmar, Laos, Indonesia, India, China, Turkey, Portugal, The Netherlands and Mexico. The group investments in China include 70 Feed mill in 27 of China’s 30 provinces. C P Group’s annual turnover currently totals US$ 12 billion, with more than 80,000 employees worldwide.Thailand is rapidly becoming a major center of marine products and C P has proved a major contributor to this growth. C P Aquaculture is one of the business divisions in the C P Group and is also the fastest – growing division."
J K Fenner,3.7,(344 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 31 more",36 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"J.K. Fenner (India) Limited is a member of the JK Organization which ranks among the top Industrial houses in India for over 100 years. The name “Fenner” has been synonymous with Mechanical Power Transmission and Sealing Solutions.Fenner commenced operations in India in 1929 and put up their first manufacturing unit at Madurai in Tamilnadu in the year 1956. Currently there are 7 manufacturing units over 5 locations.

The product lines cover V-Belts, Oil seals, Moulded Rubber Components and Engineering Products for applications in both Industrial and Automotive mechanical power transmissions.The Industrial segment would address major sectors like Steel, Cement, Coal, Sugar, Power, Paper, Textiles, Food processing, Agriculture and many other.

Fenner products over several decades have stood for performance, reliability, efficiency and economy.

Continuous and collaborative R&D have been the differentiators for Fenner to have emerged as most preferred solution providers by Auto OEMs and the Industrial Sectors.

Fenner has a large network of Channel Partners in India with countrywide reach. Fenner Exports to more than 50 countries globally.

Today Fenner offers truly a Total Solution to Mechanical Power Transmission and Sealing requirements on a single window basis.

Test rigs are operated under controlled environments of temperatures, loads and constraints which fully simulate their actual applications. These support both new product development as well as testing the finished products from manufacturing lines."
Doosan Power Sys...,4.1,(344 Reviews),Private,Crawley + 24 more,13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At Doosan Power Systems, we design and deliver smart energy products and solutions globally to help create a greener future for generations to come. Creating real value for our customers.
At Doosan Power Systems we aspire to be a leading innovator of products and services that improve the quality of life for people and communities around the world."
Vestige,4.3,(344 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 80 more",19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Vestige Marketing Pvt. Ltd., which started its operations in the year 2004, is now becoming a leading direct selling company dealing in world class wellness products. Vestige is constantly growing at a phenomenal rate every year. The growth rate in itself speaks volumes about the quality of the products, the marketing plan and the management that has been able to deliver such a rewarding and sustainable system."
Comviva Technolo...,3.6,(343 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 13 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Comviva is the global leader of mobility solutions catering to The Business of Tomorrows. The company is a subsidiary of Tech Mahindra and a part of the $21 billion Mahindra Group. Its extensive portfolio of solutions spans mobile finance, content, infotainment, customer value management, messaging, mobile data and managed VAS services. It enables service providers to enhance customer experience, rationalize costs and accelerate revenue growth. Comviva's solutions are deployed by over 130 mobile service providers and financial institutions in over 95 countries and enrich the lives of over two billion people to deliver a better future."
CAMS,3.7,(343 Reviews),Chennai + 32 more,35 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"CAMS has been a part of the Indian Financial services segment for over two decades and has built good reputation as Registrar and Transfer Agency to the Asset Management Industry of India and as a technology enabled service solutions partner to Private Life Insurance, Private Equity Funds, Banks, Non-Banking Finance Companies. Besides serving as B2B solutions partner, CAMS brings the ability of a B2C to serve the end customers through a variety touch points such as pan India network of Service centres, White Label Call centre, Online, Mobile app and Chatbot Services.

CAMS has three back office delivery centres in Chennai and one BCP site at Coimbatore, about 500 Kms from Chennai and a Pan India network of 278 customer service centres. Our front, middle and back offices are powered by a talent pool of 4,314 permanent resources as at 30th Sept 2019.

CAMS is co-owned by - NSE Investments Limited (Subsidiary of NSE), Warburg Pincus LLC (a leading global private equity firm), Faering Capital (a leading Indian mid-market private equity firm), ACSYS Investments Pvt Ltd and HDFC Group (a financial services conglomerate) and is head-quartered in Chennai, India."
Bharat Gears,4.1,(343 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 14 more",51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bharat Gears Ltd. (BGL) is one of the world leaders in gears technology and India's largest gear manufacturer. We at BGL bring to you the finest in gear and transmission technology. Our delivery expands to nations across Europe, USA, Mexico and Asia.
BGL is a major global supplier of automotive gears and heat treatment furnaces. The company manufactures a wide range of Ring Gears and Pinions, Transmission Gears and Shafts, Differential Gears, Gear Boxes majorly for the automotive industry."
CTS Consulting &...,3.9,(342 Reviews),Private,Eysines + 24 more,15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"CTS is dedicated to support technicaly major companies within Design and Project management, Procurement and IT engineering.
3 main Branches : Aerospace Industries, IT majors and Energy actors worldwide.

We're based in France but we work all worldwide with our team."
Pamac Finserve,3.6,(342 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 46 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The PAMAC group was established in 1988 by two entrepreneurial Chartered Accountants as a partnership firm “Ashar Mehta Associates” (AMA) and the corporate entity “PAMAC Finserve Private Limited ” (PAMAC) was formed in 1995. Today, PAMAC is amongst the leading third party Process Management Companies catering to the domestic market in India as well as to clients in the Overseas. Over 25 years of industry experience, wide and national network with reach of almost 160 cities across India."
Fiem Industries,3.8,(342 Reviews),Public,New Delhi + 16 more,34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Fiem Industries Ltd. is a formidable name in automotive lighting industry with 9 state of the art manufacturing plants, located in different states in India. The company is an OEM supplier to the most of the auto companies in India like Honda, TVS, Suzuki, Harley Davidson, Mahindra etc. The company is listed on BSE and NSE since 2006. After strengthening its position in automotive industry, the Company has diversified its product portfolio and taken up manufacturing of Indoor & Outdoor LED Domestic Light, LED Commercial Light, LED Industrial Light, LED Panels, Solar Lanterns, Flash Lights, Integrated Passenger Information System with Display and Software for Railways, Metro Trains, Buses & Taxies etc. The Company is fully equipped with world-class Govt. approved R&D and testing facilities having Plant & machinery for the advanced manufacturing Technology and Automation in manufacturing process etc. Company's manufacturing facilities are certified with ISO/TS 16949:2009, ISO 14001:2004 & OHSAS 18001:2007 and have also received COP certification from RDW / Netherland for manufacturing E-certified products. Company products conform to DOT, CCC, ADR, AIS, etc."
Emami Agrotech,3.9,(342 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 34 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Emami Agrotech Limited is the edible oil and bio-diesel arm of Emami Group of Companies, the Rs. 25,000 cr. business conglomerate headquartered at Kolkata. Emami Agrotech Ltd. has diverse business interests which include production and distribution of Edible Oil, Spices, Specialty Fats, Vanaspati and Bio-diesel. The company is also involved in cultivation of crops that are commercially viable through contract farming.

The company has created a strong presence in the Edible Oil industry with its brands 'Healthy & Tasty' and 'Himani Best Choice'. In 2019, it ventured into the spice market by launching a diverse range of pure spices, blended spices and tastemakers under the brand name Emami Healthy and Tasty Mantra. It recently forayed in the Soya Chunks category with launch of Healthy & Tasty Smart Balance Nutri Soya Chunks. The product comes with the goodness of 3 immunity building nutrients - Zinc, Iron & Protein. making it first of its kind product in India

The company is also one of the largest manufacturers of Biodiesel (Palm Methyl Ester) in Eastern India and a key exporter of biodiesel to Europe and other South East Asian Countries.

With an annual turnover of around 12,000 crores, the company is backed by sound infrastructure with state-of-the-art refineries in Haldia (West Bengal), Krishnapatnam (Andhra Pradesh) and Jaipur (Rajasthan) with a total manufacturing capacity of 6200 tonnes per day. The factories also house well-equipped R&D centres with advanced testing facilities to ensure its products are compliant with FSSAI, EN and BIS quality standards."
JSW Group,4.0,(4.9k Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 53 more,41 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"JSW Energy Limited
As one of India’s leading power companies, we’re a mix of the best practices, be it structured planning, cutting-edge operations, or social, economic, and environmental benefits.

We currently generate 4,559 MW, out of which 3158 MW is thermal power,1391 MW is hydropower, and 10 MW is solar power. We’re present across several Indian states and have stakes in natural resource companies in South Africa. This diversity in geographic locations, fuel sources, and power off-take arrangements help us de-risk our business.

JSW Paints Private Limited

Manufactured in India, our aim is to be the future of color & painting for Indian homes. JSW Paints’ Simple Swift & Sure way of painting will help you to make an informed and confident choice.

JSW ONE PLATFORMS LIMITED

JSW One MSME is a one-stop digital marketplace for all your steel buying needs
We help MSMEs streamline their steel supply and demand, thereby delivering a useful digital experience for steel buyers. Leveraging JSW One MSME's collective access and expertise, we connect manufacturers to steel suppliers.

JSW One MSME is a consistent, flexible, and trusted steel solution partner supporting the raw material needs of MSMEs of all sizes.

JSW Cement Ltd

JSW Cement is part of the diversified US $22 billion JSW Group. As one of India’s leading business houses, JSW Group has other business interests in sectors, such as steel, energy, infrastructure, paints, sports, and venture capital.

JSW Cement is India’s leading green cement company with a current capacity of 17 MTPA across manufacturing units at Vijayanagar in Karnataka, Nandyal in Andhra Pradesh, Salboni in West Bengal, Jajpur in Odisha, Dolvi in Maharashtra, and Fujairah in UAE, among others. Our subsidiary, Shiva Cement, is currently investing over ₹1,500 crores in a 1.36 MTPA clinker unit project to be established in Sundergarh, Odisha. The project includes setting up a 1 MTPA grinding unit and associated facilities.

JSW Infrastructure Ltd.

JSW Infrastructure is one of the leading private sector infrastructure companies in India. Operating since 1999, the company has a strength of more than 1200 employees. JSW Infrastructure embodies values such as transparency, striving for excellence, and dynamism with a proven record in operational efficiencies.

As a commitment to the nation, JSW Infrastructure is dedicated to developing world-class airports, shipyards, townships, roads and rail connectivity, inland waterways, water treatment plants, special economic zones, and other infrastructural facilities.

Currently, the company’s port vertical operates environment-friendly seaports and terminals in Maharashtra and Goa that offer mechanized and multi-cargo handling facilities to customers. It is connected by rail and road to the industrial hinterlands of Maharashtra, Goa, and Karnataka.

JSW Steel Ltd

The US$ 22 billion JSW Group is ranked among India's leading business houses. JSW's innovative and sustainable presence in various sectors including Steel, Energy, Infrastructure, Cement, Paints, Venture Capital and Sports is helping the Group play an important role in driving India’s economic growth. 

The Group strives for excellence by leveraging its strengths & capabilities including a successful track record of executing large capital-intensive & technically complex projects, differentiated product mix, state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities, and a greater focus on pursuing sustainable growth.
With a culturally diverse workforce spread across India, the USA, Europe, and Africa, JSW Group directly employs nearly 40,000 people.

It also has a strong social development focus aimed at empowering local communities residing around its Plant & Port locations. JSW Group is known to create value for all its stakeholders by combining its growth roadmap,  superior execution capabilities, and relentless drive to be #BetterEveryday."
IFB,3.9,(488 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 86 more",49 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"IFB Home Appliances is a division of IFB Industries Ltd which provides products and services across a range of product categories. It has its manufacturing location in Bangalore Kolkata, and VernaIndia. The company has a chain of ~530 retail outlets called ‘IFB Point’"
Nvidia,4.2,(341 Reviews),Private,"Santa Clara,California + 5 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Nvidia Corporation is an American worldwide technology company based in Santa Clara, California. Nvidia manufactures graphics processing units (GPUs), as well as system-on-a-chip units (SOCs) for the mobile computing market. Nvidia&#039;s primary GPU product line, labeled &quot;GeForce&quot;, is in direct competition with AMD&#039;s &quot;Radeon&quot; products. 
Nvidia also joined the gaming industry with its handheld Shield Portable and Shield Tablet, as well as the tablet market with the Tegra Note 7."
Shyam Steel Indu...,3.7,(341 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 33 more",70 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1953, Shyam Steel Industries Ltd, is one of the leading primary steel producers in India, manufacturing TMT Rebar and Structural steel. Guided by a philosophy to produce safe and sustainable steel, it is a pioneer in quality steel products, operating with cutting edge technology in order to meet the stringent requirements of its reputed customers both in India and abroad. Operating for over six decades and now a INR 25 billion group, Shyam Steel has emerged as a large, growing, competitive and multi-product steel organization by delivering quality material through innovation, excellence and dedication. The products of the company are manufactured at its state-of-the-art, integrated steel plant in Durgapur and marketed under the brand Shyam. Shyam Steel has its own four fully functional steel plants in West Bengal. The portfolio includes reinforced TMT bars which are earthquake and corrosion resistant and have a wide market presence across infrastructure segments including rail, roads, bridges, ports, airports, defense and energy. Shyam Steel’s superior design, engineering and quality manufacturing process provides the ideal strength and flexibility required in today’s construction industry."
Glaze Trading In...,4.1,(341 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 72 more",20 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),Glaze Trading India Pvt. Ltd. in 2003 with a common vision of success - Build a business that enriches lives. Their ambition and pragmatism has led the company to grow leaps and bounds with more than a million Glaze Independent Distributors already making their way to success. Glaze Trading India Pvt. Ltd. is a direct selling company based in New Delhi. Direct selling is about business organizations seeking a relationship with their customers without going through retail channels. We currently have over 1 million Independent Distributors to market our products directly to potential customers in more than 15 states across India.
Maharashtra Stat...,4.4,(341 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 64 more",18 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) came into existence on June 6, 2005 after unbundling the erstwhile Maharashtra State Electricity Board into four companies. MSEDCL is also known as Mahavitaran or Mahadiscom. Mahadiscom is one of the largest public sector company engaged in the business of electricity distribution with annual turnover of Rs. 21,278 Crores. It serves 156.96 Lakh consumers in Maharashtra State with a committed pool of over 75000 employees."
Citigroup,4.0,(1.5k Reviews),Private,"New York City,New York + 35 more",211 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Citi works tirelessly to provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial services and products. We strive to create the best outcomes for our clients and customers with financial ingenuity that leads to solutions that are simple, creative and responsible."
Allied Digital S...,3.6,(340 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 28 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Allied Digital is well renowned as a leading Global IT Transformation Architect, with an impeccable track record for designing, developing, deploying and delivering end-to-end IT Infrastructure services.  With over two decades of proven experience Allied Digital responsibly delivers cutting-edge IT services and solutions to a wide range of industries spanning 35 countries across 5 continents.  Our inherent capabilities built on the philosophy of '3S' (Smart People, Smart Processes, Smart Technology); provides the strong foundation for a best-in-class Integrated Service Delivery Framework which consistently augments our overall value creation proposition to our clients; both effectively and efficiently.  As a trusted partner with wide range of service capabilities and state-of-the-art global command centres, Allied Digital help clients transform and succeed in challenging environments by making better IT decisions."
Salcomp Manufact...,4.1,(340 Reviews),Private,Salo + 9 more,17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Salcomp develops and manufactures chargers for mobile phones and other electronic devices. We are the market leader in smartphone phone adapters and chargers, and our main customers include the major mobile smartphone manufacturers. Power adapters based on Salcomp's own product platforms are suitable also for other handheld devices, such as tablets, smarthome devices, such as digital voice assistants and many other electronic applications."
HRH Next Service...,3.3,(339 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 7 more",16 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"We transform the way customers experience your brand. From identifying prospective customers, nurturing existing ones to upselling and cross selling your products, we take care of your customer's complete life cycle. Our solutions are designed to suit your service requirements in the most cost effective way and to completely take the load off you. Starting out as Hyderabad Radio House, a 6-decade-old brand, HRHnext has evolved from a consumer durables giant across South India to a business solutions provider offering services to meet the most demanding of business need, i.e., customer interactions.

Excellent HR Practices that reduce attrition and an experienced Top Management team which has deep domain knowledge across verticals like Telecom, Banking, Insurance, Retail, Media, Civic Governance, Automobiles, Healthcare and Education. Apart from our enterprises services, we offer bespoke services for Startups. Our processes and methods, which have evolved over time and our State of The Art Technology platforms, ensure we provide you with transformational insights into contact center operations and help deliver more personalized experiences to your customers."
Vasudha Pharma C...,4.1,(339 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 5 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Vasudha Pharma Chem Limited is engaged in the manufacturing of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), Pharma Intermediates for catering to the domestic as well as international market. The company recognized the vital role of R & D for becoming successful in the generic market"
MG Motor,4.0,(338 Reviews),Private,"To Be Validated,4704971 + 43 more",99 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Professional VW Audi Specialist Sales & Service CentreContinually striving to maximise company growth while maintaining the highest levels of customer care.Ensuring customer satisfaction remains at the core of the business. MG Motors pride ourselves in providing a relaxed and informal, yet professional atmosphere in our showroom.To this end we employ & continue to recruit only the most experienced and dedicated staff"
Craftsman Automa...,3.9,(337 Reviews),Private,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 14 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a leading engineering organisation engaged in the manufacturing of Automotive components, Tool Room, Mould Base, Storage Systems, Gears, Special Purpose Machines & Aluminium Foundry, where Quality is at the heart of every aspect of each component that we make at the benchmark of reliability."
CDK Global,3.8,(337 Reviews),Private,"Hoffman Estates,Illinois + 1 more",51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At CDK, we understand that automotive retailing is more than a sales business, it is a relationship business. In the end what customers experience when they walk through your doors or visit your website, is what determines success. Your teams provide the essential human touch. Our job is to provide the technology to support you.
We help dealers provide relevant and engaging interactions at all points on the customer’s path to purchase. Throughout the ownership experience - from researching to buying, and maintaining to upgrading, we are with you every step of the way. CDK helps you create a seamless automotive consumer experience."
DP World,4.2,(337 Reviews),Public,"Dubai,Jebel Ali + 38 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a global trade enabler and a vital part of the supply chain. We make sure cargo keeps moving so people have the things they need, when they need them, helping economies grow and nations prosper. We foster a culture of collaboration, innovation and respect. Our global workforce is made up of 45,000 people with over 110 different nationalities who bring their experience and expertise together, allowing us to be a global leader."
Godrej Industrie...,4.0,(1.4k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 45 more",60 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Godrej Industries Ltd. is an Indian Manufacturer of oleochemicals for use in over various industries. It also manufactures edible oils, vanaspati and bakery fats. In addition, it operates real estate."
Tracxn,3.3,(336 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 5 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We at Tracxn are building one of the world’s largest platform for tracking Startups, Private Companies and Emerging Innovative Sectors.  

Tracxn is powered by artificial intelligence and big data technology that scans through the company datapoints and incorporates the relevant information in its platform offering. A 100+ strong Sector-focussed Analyst team further enhances the relevance of the platform data.

We work with over 5000 subscribers in over 30 countries across North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America & Middle East. Our clientele includes Venture Capitalists, Private Equity Funds, M&A and Innovation teams of Fortune 500 companies and Investment Banks who use Tracxn data for daily deal sourcing, identifying M&A targets, deal diligence and tracking emerging themes across Industries & Markets. Tracxn platform is also being used by the various Governments, Accelerators, Incubators and Universities for tracking innovative companies and sectors.

Tracxn was founded in 2013 by, Neha Singh and Abhishek Goyal, ex-Venture Capitalists from Accel Partners & Sequoia Capital. With its unique offering, Tracxn has featured in Forbes Top 100 Global Analytics Startup List (2015), and Fortune 40 under 40 (2016, 2017). Tracxn was also ranked as the Coolest Startup of the year by Busine0ss Today (2017),

Our investors include SAIF Partners, Accel Partners, Sequoia Capital along with marquee angel investors including Ratan Tata, Nandan Nilekani, Sachin Bansal, Binny Bansal amongst others.

Whether you are researching companies in emerging sectors like Blockchain, IoT or AI or you want to do a targeted discovery in niche segments like Plant based Meat Products or AI based Payment Fraud Detection, we have got you covered."
EaseMyTrip.com,4.2,(336 Reviews),Public,"Delhi,NCT + 5 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"EaseMyTrip commenced its operations in 2008 by focusing on the B2B2C (business to business to customer) distribution channel and providing travel agents access to its website to book domestic travel airline tickets in order to cater to the offline travel market in India. Subsequently, by leveraging its B2B2C channel, the company commenced operations in the B2C (business to customer) distribution channel in 2011 by primarily focusing on the growing Indian middle class population’s travel requirements. With our presence in the B2B2C and B2C channels, we were able to commence operations in the B2E (business to enterprise) distribution channel in 2013 with the aim of providing end-to-end travel solutions to corporates. Our presence in three distinct distribution channels provide us with a diversified customer base and wide distribution network.
We have been providing customers with the option of no-convenience fee, such that customers are not required to pay any service fee in instances where there are no alternate discounts or promotion coupon being availed. In our pricing model, we have endeavored to avoid hidden costs, which result in increasing the final price payable by the customer."
VirtusaPolaris,3.5,(336 Reviews),Private,"Colombo,Colombo + 7 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"On March 3, 2016, Virtusa Corporation acquired a majority interest in Polaris Consulting & Services Limited. VirtusaPolaris, our new market-facing brand, represents the combined strengths of Virtusa and Polaris, including our strong software engineering heritage, deep domain expertise and focus on applying innovation to solving critical core business issues for clients. VirtusaPolaris serves Global 2000 companies and leading software vendors in BFS, insurance, telecommunications, technology and media, information & education industries. Using a combination of business consulting, cutting edge technology capabilities, and best-of-breed domain and industry knowledge, VirtusaPolaris accelerates business outcomes for its clients. VirtusaPolaris helps its clients transform their business applications to enhance customer experience, improve operational efficiencies, and lower IT costs. VirtusaPolaris helps clients accelerate business outcomes by consolidating, rationalizing, and modernizing their core customer-facing processes into one or more core systems. VirtusaPolaris delivers strongly differentiated solutions to its clients, with a formidable reputation in global consumer banking, treasury, capital markets, and GRC segments within banking & financial services. VirtusaPolaris consistently executes large, business transformation programs, leveraging best of breed domain expertise, including the world’s largest P&C claims modernization program, one of the world’s largest banking portal for corporate customers, lead-to-cash transformation for a global telco, digital transformation programs for banks and media companies, among many others. With offices and development centers across North America, Europe, Middle East, India, Sri Lanka, South-east Asia, Japan and Australia & New Zealand, and a workforce of approximately 19,000, VirtusaPolaris is strongly placed to become the IT services partner of choice for global clients in the industries it serves."
Bunge India,4.1,(336 Reviews),Private,"Chesterfield,Missouri + 36 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""In the year 2000, Bunge Limited, an NYSE listed company opened a liaison office in Hyderabad and another at Delhi mainly to help it gather industry information regarding edible oils and soy meal. Later Delhi Office was closed and operations were shifted to Hyderabad.
Bunge Agribusiness India Private Limited (""""Bunge Agri"""") was incorporated as a private Indian company in Hyderabad to undertake trading operations, mainly ex-tank and High seas sales. As a part of its India strategy to expand its presence in the retail side of business, Bunge India acquired the edible oils/Vanaspati business and bakery fats business of Hindustan Unilever Ltd.(HUL) on a slump sale basis in August 2003. With this acquisition came iconic and heritage brands viz """"DALDA"""", """"Masterline"""", """"Lily"""" etc.
In 2004 Bunge Agri was merged into Gee Pee Ceval Proteins & Investment Pvt. Ltd. and the name of Gee Pee Ceval was changed to Bunge India Private Limited (""""Bunge India"""").
Bunge India diversified its portfolio and launched range of edible oils marketed under the iconic brand """"DALDA"""" by setting up its own distribution network in 2006.
In February 2012, Bunge India acquired the edible oils and fats business of Amrit Banaspati Company Limited (Amrit Banaspati) along with the Gagan and Ginni brands. To cater to the ever increasing market demands, massive expansion of existing plant at Trichy and Bundi were also undertaken and completed.
In the year 2013 Multi oil Greenfield refinery was successfully commissioned at Kandla. Bunge India has used some state of art technology for the refining and commissioning of Kandla factory.
Kandla factory of Bunge India has undertaken massive expansion projects which was started in 2016 and was completed within record time. In order to strengthen Bunge India's Bakery segment brand called """"Enhance"""" was successfully acquired along with the business associated with the said brand in the same year.
Currently Bunge India is having 1166 employees across India including factories.
In current year i.e. year 2018 Bunge is also celebrating its 200th year. It truly believes in its mission """"Feeding the world""""."
GlobalData,3.9,(336 Reviews),Private,London + 4 more,39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GlobalData is a world leading data and analytics company.

4,000 of the world’s largest companies make better and more timely decisions thanks to our unique data, expert analysis and innovative solutions delivered through a single platform.

At GlobalData, our mission is to help our clients decode the future to be more successful and innovative.

Through our acquisitions, we have now become one of the largest data and insights solution providers in the world."
Colt Technology ...,4.4,(336 Reviews),Private,"London,England + 4 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Colt strives to transform the way the world works through the power of connectivity. The Colt IQ Network connects 900+ data centres across Europe, Asia and North America's largest business hubs, with over 29,000 on net buildings and growing. Colt understands business connectivity requirements and provides high performance, high bandwidth solutions to enable customer's success, with Colt's vision centering on being on being the most customer oriented business in the industry. Colt is a recognised innovator in Software Defined Networks (SDN) and Network Function Virtualisation (NFV). Privately owned, Colt is one of the most financially sound companies in its industry and able to provide the best customer experience at a competitive price."
Digit Insurance,3.9,(336 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 47 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Digit is an IRDA licensed internet first general insurer launched by Fairfax Holdings and Kamesh Goyal, a former executive from Allianz. Fairfax holds 45% stake in the company. Offers insurance for cars, mobile handsets, travel, and jewellery."
Debtcare Enterpr...,4.5,(336 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 17 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Debt Care Enterprises is a professionally managed collections and risk consulting services company founded in 2008. During the past decade, the company has built clientele ranging from major banks, financial services, and corporate and fintech companies for their collections and recoveries.

We have gained in-depth knowledge and wide exposure in the areas of delinquent customer calling, Field collections, Recoveries, Skip-Tracing, Risk Intelligence, Customer Service, Legal and allied activities. Debt Care is spearheaded by a group of industry professionals having rich and in-depth experience in the fields of Consumer finance, Mortgage finance, Verifications, Collections, Recoveries, and RCU activities.

Our objective is to streamline and simplify the Collection Process, Background & Identity Verification, and Debt Buying & Servicing. We are proud to provide unique services such as Loss on Sale Recoveries and Debt Buying and Servicing in which we have a niche in the industry."
Canon,4.4,(348 Reviews),Private,"Ota City,Tokyo + 50 more",86 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Canon India Pvt. Ltd., a 100% subsidiary of Canon Singapore Pte. Ltd., is a world leader in imaging technologies. Set up in 1997, Canon provides a comprehensive array of over 200 sophisticated contemporary digital imaging products and solutions in India. Driven by innovation and in sync with its Corporate tagline - ‘Delighting You Always’, Canon is reinforced by world-class technology and is committed to delivering customer delight by offering an extensive product portfolio which include Copier MFDs, Managed Document Services, Fax-Machines, Printers, Document and Cheque Scanners, All-in-ones, Digital Cameras, DSLR’s, Cinematic Imaging Products, Camcorders, Cable ID Printers and Card printers. These products are currently catering to the multiple stakeholders in the market such as Governments & PSUs, Corporates, Enterprises, SMEs, Commercial & B2B and consumers at large."
SHYAM METALICS A...,3.7,(335 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 19 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),We are a leading integrated metal producing company based in India with a focus on Long Steel Products and Ferro Alloys; have the ability to sell intermediate and final products across the value chain and a track record of positive EBITDA since commencing operations in fiscal 2005.
Ramboll,4.3,(335 Reviews),Private,"Copenhagen,Denmark + 21 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ramboll is a leading engineering, architecture and consultancy company founded in Denmark in 1945. Ramboll employs 16,500 people globally and has especially strong representation in the Nordics, UK, North America, Continental Europe, Middle East and Asia-Pacific. We are present in 35 countries and combine local experience with a global knowledge-base, constantly striving to achieve inspiring and exacting solutions that make a genuine difference to our clients, end-users, and society at large. Ramboll works across the following markets: Buildings, Transport, Water, Environment & Health, Energy and Management Consulting."
ALLEN Career Ins...,4.1,(335 Reviews),Private,"Kota,Rajasthan + 40 more",35 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"In 1988, Shri Rajesh Maheshwari started with just eight students and after a few months Dr. K.G.Vaishnava, the eminent professor of Biology also joined him. It was the only institute of its time which provided coaching for all Science subjects i.e. Physics,Chemistry, Biology and Mathematics under one roof. This strong association became the foundation stone of the revolutionary Pre-Medical coaching institute of that time.
New heights of success were scaled year after year. The Institute achieved remarkable Landmark of 12 selections in Rajasthan PMT in the year 1991.
Meanwhile, Er. Brajesh Maheshwari, a dynamic person with excellent engineering background joined the team. The consistent and ideal team efforts of faculty members, the vivid educational philosophy of all the HODs and the visionary administration of Shri Rajesh Maheshwari altogether laid the path of glorious success, which led the institute to achieve First Rank in Rajasthan PMT in 1995. Since then, ALLEN is known to create ‘never before’ benchmarks.The past achievements were complemented with remarkable progress when our Classroom Coaching Students bagged the All India First Ranks in both the prestigious examinations of India, JEE Advanced 2014 and AIPMT 2014 respectively. In 2016, ALLEN broke it's own stupendous records of previous year results by becoming the first ever Institute of the country to produce All India Ranks 1,2,3 in both JEE Advanced and NEET- UG from classroom.
ALLEN is a symbol of united family of four devoted brothers, which has grown up to a large group of 10015+ members as on date, with trust of more than 12 lac + CCP Students since 1988.The Institute is in parallel with Indian values, spiritualism & hard work under the efficient directions of Shri Govind Maheshwari, Shri Naveen Maheshwari - with the pious wishes of mother Smt. Krishnadevi Maheshwari & blessings of the most revered Jagadguru Ramanujacharya Shri Jhalaria Peethadhishwar Swamiji Shri Ghanshyamacharya Ji Maharaj.
With this, the institute is on its “Path to Success...” by writing its success story and adding more episodes of splendid achievements year after year."
Patel Engineerin...,4.0,(335 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 39 more",74 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Patel Engineering has carved a niche for itself in the industry. Since its inception it has excelled and tasted success with every projects. Right from construction of dams, tunnels, micro-tunnels, powerhouses, irrigation projects, highways, roads, bridges, railway tunnels, refineries to real estate and township-every structure is nothing less than a landmark. The success of the Company's performance is based on an efficient organization and a dynamic and entrepreneurial management, implemented successive processes and strategic plans committed to client's satisfaction as well as to maximizing profitability."
Adidas,4.2,(335 Reviews),Public,"Herzogenaurach,Bavaria + 44 more",74 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"adidas has its roots in Germany but we are a truly global company. Around the world we employ over 59,000 people. Employees from about 100 nations are working at our global HQ in Herzogenaurach, Germany – the ‘World of Sports’. In 2019 we produced over 1.1 billion sports and sports lifestyle products with independent manufacturing partners worldwide and generated sales of € 23.640 billion. These numbers alone can easily suggest that adidas is quite a large and also multifaceted organization. True. But we keep things simple, lean and fast."
Victora Group,4.1,(334 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 18 more",32 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Established in 1972, The Group specializes as an established manufacturer and supplier in Sheet Metal Components ,Automotive Seat Frames, Exhaust System Components ,Stampings ,Exhaust Hangars, Forged, CNC Machined Components and Heavy Duty Elevators to major OEs across the Globe.

For over four decades, Victora has been a major presence in India's automobile industry. These forty years have been interspersed by a number of technological innovations that have gone on to become industry standards. Today the Group has emerged as one of the leading manufacturer of automotive components."
Centaur Pharmace...,3.7,(334 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 39 more",45 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In 1978, Centaur Pharmaceuticals, commenced pharmaceutical manufacturing operations in Mumbai and has now evolved into a vertically integrated pharmaceutical company. Centaur House, our corporate headquarters, is located in Mumbai, the commercial capital of India. Centaur has a strong matrix of capabilities across the pharmaceutical value chain including API, formulations, Contract Research and Manufacturing Services, Clinical Research, R&D, regulatory and marketing."
Cargill Business...,4.3,(1.1k Reviews),"Wayzata,Minnesota + 5 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Cargill Business Services (CBS) India leverages Cargill’s scale to create an efficient, modern way of providing high-quality shared services to Cargill so that our businesses and functions can focus on what they do best.

Since its inception in January 2015, the organization has grown steadily to establish itself as a global multi-function shared services hub providing services across multiple business functions and processes—Finance, IT, Source to Pay, Transportation and Logistics, and HR. CBS India currently operates out of two centres in Bangalore and Gurgaon employing over 2000 skilled professionals."
BankBazaar,3.5,(357 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 8 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"BankBazaar is the world’s first neutral online marketplace that helps people compare and choose financial products such as loans, insurance, credit cards, fixed deposits, saving accounts, mutual funds etc., - over a highly secure, user friendly, and intuitive platform. Founded in 2008 by Adhil Shetty, Arjun Shetty, and Rati Shetty, BankBazaar focuses on harnessing technology to deliver end-to-end paperless transactions which brings huge convenience to customers while helping support the environment.  With a supportive customer service team and a growing community of users, BankBazaar is the easiest way for people to compare and purchase the right financial products online."
Rungta Mines,4.0,(333 Reviews),Public,"Singhbum,Jharkhand + 10 more",61 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Rungta Mines Ltd. (RML)the flagship company ofS R Rungta Group, which has been in the mining business for the past 6 decades, was incorporated by Late Mr. S R Rungta in 1962, to support India's steel industry.Today, the groupis headed byMr. N.L. Rungta, (CMD), and has operations in themineral rich beltofJharkhand& Odishaand is involved in the mining of iron ore & manganese ore.The company'svision&missionis to utilise itscore values& strengths, complemented with the vastexperience gained, to help it keep pace with the changing times and respond to domestic &international market forces by maintaining consistent quality & despatch schedules, making RML synonymous with reliability."
Maini Precision ...,3.6,(333 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 4 more",50 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a diversified manufacturer and supplier of high precision components and assemblies, catering to a global clientele in the automotive & industrial and aerospace sectors."
Lohia Group,4.0,(333 Reviews),Public,"Kanpur,Uttar Pradesh + 15 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Lohia Group of companies is based in Kanpur, a city in North India. Way back in the mid-'70s, they diversified from their traditional business to venture into industry and engineering and thus started a long tradition of excellence in manufacturing. Since then Lohia Group has been dedicatedly serving the market in the field of textiles and flexible packaging for more than three decades."
Bharti AXA Gener...,4.1,(333 Reviews),JV,Mumbai + 71 more,15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Ltd. is a joint venture between Bharti Enterprises, one of India’s leading business groups with interests in telecom, agriculture business and retail, and AXA, one of the world’s leading organizations with interests in financial protection and wealth management. Our company was launched in August 2008 and has since, grown exponentially. While we differentiate ourselves on our service offerings, it’s our passion for what we do that truly sets us apart.

At Bharti AXA General Insurance, we believe that our employees are our biggest strength. We truly believe that by striving together as a team, we can unlock the unseen and achieve whatever we set our minds to."
Usha Martin,4.0,(332 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 25 more",62 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Be it an elevator, a crane or an automobile, you will find an Usha Martin's product near you. The wire rope, wire and steel are some of Usha Martin's products that are trusted by customers for mission critical applications all over the world.Today, Usha Martin is amongst the largest wire rope manufacturer in the world and a leading speciality steel producer in India. The wire rope manufacturing facilities located in India, UK, UAE, and Thailand produce one of the widest range of wire ropes in the world"
Suma Soft,3.9,(332 Reviews),Private,Pune + 5 more,23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"For over 20 years, we have built lasting relationships that have kept us on the cutting edge of innovation. We will endeavor to continue to inspire, transform, and create synergies that shape the digital world and ensure shared prosperity for all."
OpenText Technol...,4.0,(332 Reviews),Private,"Waterloo,Ontario + 4 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Headquartered in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, OpenText is a world leader in Information Management, helping companies securely capture, govern and exchange information on a global scale.
OpenText solves digital business challenges for customers, ranging from small and mid-sized businesses to the largest and most complex organizations in the world. Empowering customers with the most complete and integrated Information Management platform, OpenText solutions integrate and protect data and content inside and outside their organization."
Gionee,4.2,(332 Reviews),Private,Shenzhen + 97 more,10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Gionee India is part of Gionee Communication Equipment Co. Ltd., a hi-tech company engaging in mobile device designing, R&D, manufacturing, sales in international markets, and mobile internet application services. Established in 2002, Gionee sells over 30 million handsets per year worldwide and ranks No.10 in the world by smartphone market share."
The Akshaya Patr...,4.2,(332 Reviews),NGO/NPO,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 50 more",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The Akshaya Patra Foundation is an NGO in India headquartered in Bengaluru. Our organisation strives to eliminate classroom hunger by implementing the Mid-Day Meal Scheme in the government schools and government-aided schools. Alongside, Akshaya Patra also aims at countering malnutrition and supporting the right to education of socio-economically disadvantaged children.Since 2000, Akshaya Patra has been concerting all its efforts towards providing fresh and nutritious meals to children on every single school day. We are continuously leveraging technology to multiply our reach. The state-of-the-art kitchens have become a subject of study and have attracted curious visitors from around the world.Our partnership with the Government of India and various State Governments, along with the persistent support from corporates, individual donors, and well-wishers have helped us to grow from serving just 1,500 children in 5 schools in 2000 to serving 1.8 million children.Today, Akshaya Patra is the world’s largest (not-for-profit run) Mid-Day Meal Programme serving wholesome food every school day to over 1.8 million children from 19,039 schools across 12 states & 2 Union territories of India."
L & W Constructi...,3.7,(332 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 11 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),L&W Construction Private Limited (L&W) is a 100% subsidiary of Lee Kim Tah-Woh Hup Pte Ltd (LKTWH) from Singapore. LKTWH in turn is 50:50 joint venture company established by Lee Kim Tah Pte. Ltd. and Woh Hup Holdings Pte. Ltd. two of Singapore's oldest construction companies completed their 90 years landmark.
Ferrero,4.0,(332 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 50 more",19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Ferrero has come a long way from the small rooms of the first factory in downtown Alba, Italy – the place where everything started in 1946. With a truly progressive, increasingly global outlook and much-loved brands such as Nutella®, Tic Tac®, Ferrero Rocher®, and Surprise®, today Ferrero products are sold in more than 170 countries. They are part of the collective memory and traditions of consumers all around the world, where they are loved by generations, and internationally recognized as cultural icons. What is the secret to our global success? Nearly 40,000 people across 55 countries, all dedicated to delivering the care and quality needed to craft a business, careers and brands we are proud of. From the moment you join us, we make sure you get all the opportunities you need to learn, develop and grow. Whatever support you’re looking for, you’ll find it here: just as with our products, that we craft with imagination and precision, using only the finest and freshest ingredients, we care for the long term interests of our people with the same commitment, encouraging them to make the most of every opportunity. Every success we accomplish, we accomplish it together. Ferrero has social responsibility in its DNA. Our dedication to quality and excellence, our heritage and family values, our respect for the environment and the communities in which we work and product freshness and high quality: all of these contribute to Ferrero’s success. Be part of the world of Ferrero you know and love: visit our website (www.ferrerocareers.com) to explore all the job opportunities that Ferrero can offer you. You have always loved it. Now be part of it!"
LIC Housing Fina...,4.0,(331 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 91 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"LIC Housing Finance Ltd. is one of the largest Housing Finance company in India. Incorporated on 19th June, 1989 under the Companies Act, 1956, the Company was promoted by LIC of India and went public in the year 1994. The Company launched its maiden GDR issue in 2004. The Authorized Capital of the Company is Rs.1500 Million (Rs.150 Crores) and its paid up Capital is Rs.1009.9 Million ( Rs.100.99 Crores). The Company is registered with National Housing Bank and listed on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) & Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (BSE) and its shares are traded only in Demat format. The GDR's are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The main objective of the Company is providing long term finance to individuals for purchase or construction of house or flat for residential purpose / repair and renovation of existing flat / houses. The Company also provides finance on existing property for business / personal needs and also gives loans to professionals for purchase / construction of Clinics / Nursing Homes / Diagnostic Centres / Office Space and also for purchase of equipments. The Company also provides long term finance to persons engaged in the business of construction of houses or flats for residential purpose and to be sold by them."
CARE,4.4,(331 Reviews),Private,Noida + 87 more,73 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"CARE is a not-for-profit organization working in India for over 68 years, focusing on alleviating poverty and social injustice. We do this through well planned and comprehensive projects in health, education, livelihoods, and disaster preparedness and response. Our overall goal is the empowerment of women and girls from poor and marginalized communities leading to improvement in their lives and livelihoods."
Bridgestone,4.3,(619 Reviews),Private,Tokyo + 43 more,27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Bridgestone, our dream is to become a truly global enterprise and to establish the Bridgestone brand as the undisputed world No. 1 brand in both name and substance. Across the globe, our entire team is focused on achieving this goal.
The roots of our dream date back to the establishment of Bridgestone Tire Co., Ltd. in 1931. Anticipating the future potential of tires for passenger cars and the international development of the business, founder Shojiro Ishibashi used an English translation of his surname for the name of the company. Even then he may indeed have been dreaming of the future of the Bridgestone Group.
As Japan's automobile industry grew, The Bridgestone Group expanded its business to become Japan's largest tire manufacturer. The company also actively expanded overseas, particularly in Asia. In 1988, the company acquired The Firestone Tire & Rubber Company, a well respected global corporation with a venerable history of its own. This transformed Bridgestone into one of the world's largest tire and rubber companies and created a global team dedicated to serving customers worldwide with the highest level of quality, service and technology.
We hope this introduction to our company will provide you with a deeper understanding of the Bridgestone Group's strengths, as well as our future direction."
Kantar IMRB,3.7,(330 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 23 more",53 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"KANTAR IMRB is a market research, survey and business consultancy firm. Headquartered in Mumbai, India with operations in over 15 countries IMRB is a part of the Kantar Group, WPP’s research, insights, and consultancy network"
Ness Technologie...,3.7,(330 Reviews),Private,"Teaneck,New Jersey + 8 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"For more than two decades, Ness has helped organizations develop and integrate the software products and digital platforms they rely on to lead their markets. We are proud that our clients choose to work with us year after year."
Rane NSK Steerin...,3.9,(330 Reviews),Bawal + 14 more,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Nomura Holdings,4.1,(358 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 6 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Nomura is a global financial services group with an integrated network spanning over 30 countries. By connecting markets East & West, Nomura services the needs of individuals, institutions, corporates and governments through its four business divisions: Retail, Asset Management, Wholesale (Global Markets and Investment Banking), and Merchant Banking. Founded in 1925, the firm is built on a tradition of disciplined entrepreneurship, serving clients with creative solutions and considered thought leadership."
CompuCom,4.1,(329 Reviews),Private,"Fort Mill,South Carolina + 3 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CompuCom provides end-to-end managed services, technology and consulting to enable the digital workplace for enterprise, midsize and small businesses.​

CompuCom has over 30 years of experience partnering with diverse businesses across multiple industries and is a recognized leader by Gartner1.

In November 2017, CompuCom was acquired by Office Depot, Inc. (NASDAQ:ODP). The acquisition was the first step of a longer-term journey to transform Office Depot from a traditional provider of primarily office products into a broader product and business services platform. This transformation will leverage stores, online presence and sales force to create a unique omnichannel platform that offers services, products and solutions focused on businesses of all sizes. The strategic acquisition of CompuCom adds an award-winning, enterprise-managed workplace services capability to Office Depot’s portfolio."
ACL Digital,3.7,(329 Reviews),Private,"Santa Clara,California + 14 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ACL Digital is a next gen digital transformation, technology consulting, enterprise IT and product engineering services company, that helps customers to become smarter, highly productive, nimble and better at predicting the future. Leveraging our extensive deep industry and business process expertise, passion for customer excellence, and proven global IT services delivery model and network – we offer best of the breed offerings for Industry verticals like Education, Healthcare & Life Sciences, Networking & Telecom, Hi-Tech, ISV and Retail."
Sanghi Industrie...,3.7,(329 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 17 more",38 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Sanghi Cement deals with production & distribution of cement under 'Ravi Sanghi Group'​ - the parent group. It is the only FIVE STAR certified organization in Indian Cement Industry complying with the various industry standards.The company has several firsts to its credit: First plant in India to install cross belt analyzer for micro analysis of limestone & have 100% robotic control systems to ensure consistently superior strength and quality of operations. The company produces superior quality 53 Grade OPC, PPC Cement, and have revolutionized the way cement is produced and sold in India."
Utility Powertec...,3.9,(329 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 57 more",28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"With the opening of Power Sector to Private Companies, Government of India desired formation of a company which could take up the work of construction, erection and commissioning of IPP Power Stations and their Operations and maintenance thereafter. This led to the formationof Utility Powertech Ltd.(UPL)"
uFaber,3.3,(329 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 13 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"uFaber is one of the fastest growing Edutech company’s in India, specialising in personalised training with latest technologies and high quality content. Spearheaded by IITians with over 10 years of experience in education, uFaber has one of the largest course catalogues across languages, entrance exams and skill enhancement subjects.We currently have over 1000 hours of video content and a customer base of 50000 + students. Our aim is educational inclusion- removing geographical boundaries which restrict the access to quality education and training. Our training is done through interactive videos, accessible via web or an app. These videos are complemented by our mentorship program, where each candidate is assigned a mentor who assists the candidates with doubts, questions and queries. The content for every program is created in-house by trainers and industry experts. We also customize content based on the need of our client."
Acadecraft,3.2,(329 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 10 more",12 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The prime goal of our organization is to deliver high-quality content development services, which include assessment development, copyediting, curriculum development, typesetting, localization, online tutoring, and AR & VR service Achieving this goal was impossible without having teams of qualified and skilled subject matter experts (SMEs), content writers, copyeditors, alt-text writers, proofreaders, online tutors, instructional designers, localization professionals, and assessment development experts.

It is an honor to have teams of experts, which enabled us to fetch up both onshore and offshore projects from clients based in USA, UK, Singapore, UAE, Australia, Ireland and India. We are an ISO certified company with a headcount of over 350 employees. We provide round-the-clock uninterrupted e-learning services and solutions to our clients."
Finastra,4.0,(329 Reviews),Private,"Paddington,London + 9 more",6 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We enable the financial services world, to deliver the future of banking. Applications that power financial institutions, marketplaces that accelerate industry & an open innovation platform for banks, fintech & non-banks to connect and collaborate. 

When 95% of innovation happens outside of your own walls, it’s key that you have the technology, tools, and expert ecosystem to grow and succeed. 

We serve ~8,600 financial institutions, providing the broadest, deepest software applications and connectivity to marketplaces, partners and fintech through our open platform, orchestrating the future of financial services.

Our open, collaborative culture helps us redefine finance for good; uniting technology, people, and businesses to bridge the SME funding gap, boost financial inclusion, eradicate bias from AI, and tackle inequality."""
Vastu Housing Fi...,4.5,(329 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 79 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a housing finance company working to enable millions of Indians to fulfill their dreams of owning a bigger, better and a new home.

Our business is built on a strong foundation of people and technology who use data science and analytics to deliver world-class and affordable products and franchise for our customers. The core engine driving this balanced approach to our business is the risk management led framework at its heart.

As on July 2021, we have financially included over 22000 customers having a monthly income of USD 600, most of whom who don’t have formal access to credit from financial institutions in India due to lack of documented income.

Our award-winning proprietary technology platform PULSE, has been the game changer in helping our customers to estimate and demonstrate their undocumented income to avail credit solutions from us. PULSE has enabled a completely paperless digital experience for our customers which has helped in faster turnarounds to service them better.

We are a young team of over 1000 professionals serving 200+ locations in 13 states of India. More on us is available at www.vastuhfc.com"
Amazon Web Servi...,4.1,(329 Reviews),Public,"Seattle,Washington + 30 more",17 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform, offering over 175 fully featured services from data centers globally. Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—are using AWS to lower costs, become more agile, and innovate faster."
Pennar Industrie...,3.8,(454 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 17 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Pennar Industries Limited is one of the leading engineering organisations in India with diverse product offerings and multi-location presence.An epitome of quality, precision, and perfection,Pennar is driven by an unrelenting desire to excel with experience and expertise spanning over three decades."
Fedbank Financia...,4.3,(328 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 89 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a fully owned subsidiary of The Federal Bank Ltd., a leading Commercial Bank in India, with our registered office in Aluva, Kerala and Corporate Office in Andheri, Mumbai. Right since we have been registered as a Non-Bank company in August 2010, we are driven by a singular goal of fulfilling the smallest dream of each of our valued customer. With 250 plus full-fledged retail branches, loan HUBs in Top 10 metro and semi-metro locations and presence in more than 500 villages, talukas and towns, we have touched lives of more than 30000 happy families, and for us, this is just the beginning. With a fully dedicated team of Fedbankers, we have already created a visible footprint in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Andhra-Pradesh, West-Bengal, Rajasthan, New-Delhi, Gujarat and Maharashtra."
Nephroplus,3.9,(328 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 71 more,14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"NephroPlus is India’s largest dialysis center network. Each NephroPlus center is a one stop shop for all of a dialysis guest’s needs. With a strong commitment to quality, NephroPlus is spearheading a change in the way dialysis is done in India.

One of the main goals at NephroPlus is to enable dialysis guests lead lives as close to normal as possible. We strive to ensure that dialysis sessions remain a small part of a guest’s life. We encourage them to do things everyone does – work, travel, have fun.

If you are looking for a dialysis centre that is cheerful, hygienic, uses state-of-the-art equipment, innovative processes and also feels like home, NephroPlus is for you!"
Lenovo,4.1,(408 Reviews),Private,Quarry Bay + 63 more,18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Our story began more than three decades ago with a team of eleven engineers in China. Today, we are a diverse group of forward thinkers and innovators in more than 160 countries, constantly reimagining technology to make the world more interesting and to solve tough global challenges.

We are dedicated to transforming our customers’ experience with technology—and how it, and they, interact with the world around us. We call this Intelligent Transformation. We are setting the stage for what’s possible with technology shaped by Augmented Intelligence, capable of enhancing and elevating human capability.

We have a proven history of results with $43B in revenue, hundreds of millions of customers, and four devices sold per second."""
VRL Logistics,4.0,(343 Reviews),Public,"Hubballi,Karnataka + 69 more",40 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"VRL was founded in 1976 by DR. Vijay Sankeshwar in Gadag, a small town in North Karnataka with a single truck and a vision that was way ahead of its time. VRL gradually expanded its services to Bangalore, Hubli and Belgaum. From this humble beginning VRL has today grown into a nationally renowned logistics and transport company which is also currently the largest fleet owner of commercial vehicles in India with a fleet of 4835 Vehicles (Including 362 Passenger Transport Vehicles & 4473 Goods Transport Vehicles amongst others). VRL finds mention in the Limca Book of Record as the largest fleet owner of commercial vehicles in india in the Private Sector. Mr. Vijay Sankeshwar has now been joined by his son Mr. Anand Sankeshwar who brings in newer strategies to further drive the growth of the Company. Over the years, VRL has pioneered in providing a safe and reliable delivery network in the field of parcel service. It has spread its operations to Courier Service, Priority Cargo & Air Chartering to meet the growing demands of its burgeoning customer base. 3PL & Warehousing solutions offered by VRL are tailor-made and cater to unique needs of its diverse customer base. With the largest goods transportation network in India, VRL parcel service is indispensable for a large number of Corporate Houses. This network spans the length and breadth of the country and is supported by strategically located transshipment hubs. We operate through a network of 929 Branch and franchisees to cater our valuable customers and we are now in the process of expanding our services to reach even the remotest locations of the Country."
Hetero Healthcar...,3.7,(327 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 49 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hetero Healthcare Ltd is a leading Innovative Pharmaceutical Company in India, headquartered at Hyderabad. We aim to improve the quality life of the people with our product line and along with a continuous Research and Development process. Our team are more committed, to finding tomorrow’s cures and treatments for some of the most serious diseases. We believe that new medicines are an integral part of health care system, Hetero Health Care helps patients better by leveraging our industry-wide experience, deep technology expertise, comprehensive portfolio of Products and vertically aligned business model for the upliftment of the human life."
Vikram Solar,3.9,(327 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 23 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Vikram Solar is a leading solar energy solutions provider, specializing in efficient solar PV module manufacturing and comprehensive EPC solutions. With international presence in 6 continents, the company is an active contributor in shaping the solar revolution across continents. Carrying forward the extensive manufacturing experience of the Vikram Group, Vikram Solar, since 2006, is building on a 4-decade-old success story. We are a Tier 1 PV module manufacturer (Bloomberg ranking), and our products are designed using international standards of quality, reliability and performance. Vikram Solar’s annual PV Module production capacity stands at 1.2 GW."
National Informa...,4.2,(327 Reviews),Government,New Delhi + 42 more,47 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"National Informatics Centre (NIC) was established in 1976, and has rich experience in providing ICT and eGovernance support to the Government for the last 4 decades and bridge the digital divide. It has emerged as a promoter of digital opportunities for sustainable development. NIC spearheaded “Informatics-Led-Development” by implementing ICT applications in social and public administration and facilitates electronic delivery of services to the government (G2G), business (G2B), citizen (G2C) and government employee (G2E). NIC, through its ICT Network, “NICNET”, has institutional linkages with all the Ministries /Departments of the Central Government, 37 State Governments/ Union Territories, and about 720+  District Administrations of India.

NIC has been closely associated with the Government in different aspects of Governance  besides establishing a Nationwide State-of-the-Art ICT Infrastructure, it has also built a large number of digital solutions to support the government at various levels, making the last-mile delivery of government services to the citizens a reality."
ICFAI University,3.8,(327 Reviews),Private,"Dehradun,Uttarakhand + 54 more",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India (ICFAI) is a not-for-profit Society registered under the Andhra Pradesh (Telangana Area) Public Societies Registration Act, 1350 Fasli (Act I of 1350 F). Established in the year 1984 with an objective of imparting world-class high quality education. ICFAI has around three decades of exemplary track record in the field of higher education. It launched the certification program for Financial Analysts, the CFA Program in 1985 and has been instrumental in developing a new generation of professionals in India. In the year 1995 ICFAI set up the Icfai Business Schools (IBSs) all over India at eight locations to offer high quality employment oriented two years Post Graduate Programs in Management with various specializations. Over the years, IBS Hyderabad is ranked among the top ten B-Schools in India in the independent surveys conducted by various magazines."
Pace Setters Bus...,3.4,(327 Reviews),Mumbai + 13 more,17 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"In an ever-emerging market scenario where different types of Products / Services are being peddled, the role of a Call Centre with a Country wide/ Intra-city network assumes importance both in terms of accuracy and timeliness of services rendered. With more and more specialized Market Intermediaries being recognized for their Value added services, it is the constant Innovation & Diversification, which makes us stand out from the others. We started operations on 1st January, 1992 rendering services to companies mobilizing funds from the Primary Market.   		 From this very humble beginning, we have today diversified into various activities such as Inbound / Outbound Call Centers, Offering allied services to Banks, Credit Card Companies, Cellular / Basic Phone Service Operators, Custodians & Operating Investor relation centers etc. In today’s fast developing markets, the role of a Company like ours is fast changing. We provide a VITAL LINK between the Service Provider and the Customer. This phenomenal growth in the use of the telephone promises the consumer increased efficiency and speed of response. Call centers have been hailed as the key to greater productivity, reduced telephone costs, superior customer service, efficient mass call handling, increased sales and innovative marketing ."
Jayaswal Neco In...,4.1,(326 Reviews),Public,"Nagpur,Maharashtra + 18 more",51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We, Jayaswal Neco Industries Limited, commenced our operations in 1972 promoted by Shri B.L. Shaw, Chairman are the leading manufacturer and supplier of a comprehensive variety of sanitary castings which include Centrifugally Cast Iron Pipe & Fittings, Cast Iron Manhole cover with Frames, Cast iron castings etc. We are highly regarded for providing products that surpass everyone's expectations. Our products are highly regarded for their excellent finish, long shelf life and superior quality. We have a large clientele, that is spread far and wide.We have established a state of the art infrastructure that enables smooth operations on our part. We have streamlined and standardized our processes in order to gain maximum efficiencies that are in turn passed on to our customers. We are very conscious about the quality of our products and take multiple measures for that purpose. Our products are tested on several parameters before being made available to our customers.We have a highly skilled team of professionals that works diligently towards achieving our organizational objectives. Every member of the team has been meticulously handpicked owing to one's expertise and positive attitude. We are highly ethical in our business dealings and offer mutually beneficial payment and delivery terms to our customers."
Pyramid IT Consu...,3.7,(326 Reviews),Private,"Atlanta,Georgia + 18 more",27 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Pyramid Consulting, Inc. is your Talent, Technology and Transformation partner. We have delivered staffing and solutions support to enterprises for over 20 years, from our headquarters in Atlanta to client partners around the world. At Pyramid, you get more than just our tools and teams—you get attention from the top experts in the company. Our clients range from Fortune 500s to Software Companies, and we’re experts at finding the right combination of talent & solutions to fit any company’s unique environment. Consulting –Top Talent You Can Trust Pyramid provides rewarding career opportunities for consultants and enables our clients to become more agile and competitive through the innovative use of technology, people and process. We place professionals in contract, contract-to-hire, permanent hire, and statement-of-work-based positions with industry leaders and innovative start-ups."
Fidelity Interna...,4.3,(326 Reviews),Private,London + 6 more,54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Fidelity International offers investment solutions and services and retirement expertise to more than 2.5 million customers globally. As a privately held, purpose-driven company with a 50-year heritage, we think generationally and invest for the long term. Operating in more than 25 countries and with $739.9 billion in total assets, our clients range from central banks, sovereign wealth funds, large corporates, financial institutions, insurers and wealth managers, to private individuals.
Our Workplace & Personal Financial Health business provides individuals, advisers and employers with access to world-class investment choices, third-party solutions, administration services and pension guidance. Together with our Investment Solutions & Services business, we invest $567 billion on behalf of our clients. By combining our asset management expertise with our solutions for workplace and personal investing, we work together to build better financial futures. Data as at 31 March 2021."
Lite Bite Foods,4.4,(326 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 16 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"It is one of India’s largest and most dynamic food and beverage retail companies with 22 owned and 9 managed brands under its umbrella. It started its journey in the year 2002 with an innovative combination of traditional as well as new-age F&B concepts. Today, it has a scale of over passionate 3500 employees.

It has created a strong connect with food lovers in various cities like Delhi NCR, Chennai, Mumbai, Pune, Bengaluru, Bhubaneshwar, Singapore, Washington DC, Abu Dhabi, Jeddah, Sri Lanka, and Bangkok. Around 200 operational F&B touch-points having a strong presence in prominent Malls, Airports, High Streets, Multiplexes, Office complexes, Hotels and other high footfall locations including Highways in India and Overseas. Our critically acclaimed award-winning brands include Punjab Grill, Zambar, Asia 7, and The Artful Baker."
EdgeVerve System...,3.6,(325 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 10 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"EdgeVerve Systems, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys, develops innovative software products and offers them on premise or as cloud-hosted business platforms. Our products help businesses develop deeper connections with stakeholders, power continuous innovation and accelerate growth in the digital world. We power our clients’ growth in rapidly evolving areas like banking, distributive trade, credit servicing, customer service and enterprise buying. Today, global corporations across financial services, insurance, retail and CPG, life sciences, manufacturing, and telecommunications use EdgeVerve products"
UnitedLex,3.4,(325 Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 1 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"UnitedLex—the world’s leading enterprise legal services provider—drives transformation throughout the entire legal ecosystem. Corporate and law firm leaders searching for the “art of the possible” rely on us to provide solutions that uniquely solve challenges, ranging from the basic to bet-the-company. We fuse our legal pedigree with business pragmatism and an overriding focus on our clients. We think holistically: We guide, design, implement, and financially commit to the innovative strategies and solutions we provide."
Veritas,4.2,(325 Reviews),Public,"Santa Clara,California + 17 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Veritas Technologies empowers businesses of all sizes to discover the truth in information—their most important digital asset. Using the Veritas platform, customers can accelerate their digital transformation and solve pressing IT and business challenges including multi-cloud data management, data protection, storage optimization, compliance readiness and workload portability—with no cloud vendor lock-in. Ninety-seven percent of Fortune 100 companies rely on Veritas today to reveal data insights that drive competitive advantage."
NJ India Invest,3.8,(325 Reviews),Private,Surat + 63 more,29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"An evolving, emerging & enterprising group with its roots in the financial services sector and today expanding into newer horizons with great passion.
The vision of the group is to be leaders in businesses driven by customer satisfaction, commitment to excellence and passion for continued value creation for all stakeholders. This vision has helped us grow and build the trust of our customers and associates which is at the cornerstone of everything we do. Trust is also at the heart of our success and the driver for passion for our success.
NJ Group is a leading player in the Indian financial services industry known for its strong distribution capabilities. The journey of NJ began in 1994 with the establishment of NJ India Invest Pvt. Ltd., the flagship company, to cater to investor needs in the financial services industry. Today, the NJ Wealth Distributor Network, earlier known as the NJ Fundz Network, started in 2003 is among the largest networks of financial products distributor in India."
LG Soft India,3.7,(324 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 10 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1996, LGSI is headquartered in Bangalore and is part of the LG group - an acknowledged player in the global electronics and communication industry. It has evolved as the hub of our innovation activities in Asia Pacific and is now poised to play a decisive role in the region. With steady growth and surging employee numbers, LGSI is all set to tap the Indian talent pool and create a vital role for the sub-continent in its software division."
Tecnimont,3.9,(324 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 20 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tecnimont is an international leader in the field of plant engineering, rooted in the pioneering experience of Italian industrial technology shaping the new frontiers of Engineering Innovation. We embody the contractor spirit of the Group in Engineering, Procurement & Construction of large scale projects worldwide.
  
Tecnimont's expertise in realizing mega Projects all over the world has positioned the company among the top-notch players, with outstanding references in the management of large integrated turn-key complex projects by acting as the EPC contractor for the Client.

With a well-rooted track record and a strong technological footprint, we provide services all across the value chain. Our extensive knowledge ensures the highest technological innovation, from research, process design, and engineering, to the execution of Projects - with procurement and construction.

Since 1927, as engineering center of Italy’s chemical and energy conglomerates, and then as independent brand since 1973, our long experience in managing complexity is complemented with a flexible business model ready to quickly adapt to market evolvement.

Tecnimont is a top-class safety performer. Our impressive track record, continuously confirming Zero Incident target, is a sound evidence of our outstanding commitment to Safety all over the world. We are everyday focused on disseminating Tecnimont Safety Culture to all our suppliers and subcontractors.
Engineering & Contracting is a people business. Our People have developed a great ability to engineer the new paradigm of our industry, enhancing world-class mega projects in petrochemicals, fertilizers, oil & gas refining and Power generation.  Through their expertise, entrepreneurship and reliability, Tecnimont provides successful innovative solutions for tomorrow’s Engineering, Procurement and Construction."
Vaco Binary Sema...,3.8,(324 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 20 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Vaco Binary, we outsource wide-ranging managed services varying from marketing and information technology to human resources to accounting and finance to operations and much more so that you can focus on your core business. We have been delivering finest services across India and outside in multiple domains with years of expertise and experience."
Infor Global Sol...,4.1,(324 Reviews),Private,New York + 5 more,21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Infor is a global leader in business cloud software products for companies in industry-specific markets. Infor builds complete industry suites in the cloud and efficiently deploys technology that puts the user experience first, leverages data science, and integrates easily into existing systems.

Over 65,000 organizations worldwide rely on Infor to help overcome market disruptions and achieve business-wide digital transformation."
Evolve Technolog...,4.0,(323 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 45 more",32 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Evolve Technologies established in 1991, is one of the Top Telecom Recruitment Agency in India, offering a range of recruitment services to Telecom and Telecom Ancillary Sector. It is a telecom recruitment and a staffing company that provides full range of solutions including temporary and permanent staffing, outsourcing and managed services.Evolve Technologies is a division of TeamLease Services Limited with effect from 1st December 2017. It continues as a separate legal entity under the umbrella of TeamLease Group."
Sterling Holiday...,3.9,(323 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 47 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited was founded with a dream of making holidays an active part of the Indian consumer’s lifestyle. Our guests have enjoyed priceless holidays at exceptional destinations all across the country for over 30 years. In the last few years, we have upgraded our resorts to best in-class standards, expanded our resort destination network and invested in human capital and technology to stay ahead of evolving market trends.Today, holidays are much more than accommodation and food. The new age traveller seeks immersive experiential holidays that are more than just the ordinary. Catering to this, our renewed brand promise - ‘Holiday Differently’, presents you with the chance to explore diverse destinations and discover exciting experiences for an unforgettable holiday. With 2200+ rooms spread across 30+ resorts in a myriad of destinations and a host of unique and curated experiences to offer, we are today the country’s leading experiential holiday company.Since 2014, Sterling is a 100% independently managed subsidiary of Thomas Cook (India) Limited (TCIL) and is a part of the global conglomerate, Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (Toronto). Pursuant to our vision of providing varied holiday themes, in 2016, Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited acquired Nature Trails Resorts Private Limited, a nature and adventure holiday company."
Hexagon Nutritio...,4.1,(323 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 25 more",30 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Since1991, Hexagon Nutrition has dedicated itself to offering innovative solutions tackling the major issue of malnutrition prevalent across the globe."
Toyota Industrie...,4.2,(323 Reviews),Private,"Kariya,Aichi + 2 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Toyota Industries Engine India is the core part of Toyota Industries Corporation, Japan. Having global presence with business interest in the areas of Material Handling Equipment, Electronics, Compressor, Textile Machinery and Engines. TIEI has been involved in the manufacture of critical transmission parts for the Toyota Group, since the year 2004.TIEI started the new Engine business in March 2016. This state of the art facility is the first Diesel engine plant of Toyota in India and third globally, after Japan & Thailand. We currently manufacture High performance and High fuel efficient GD Diesel engines for the Toyota Range of vehicles in India.At TIEI, our efforts are focused towards the manufacture of High Quality, High Reliable products and thereby contribute to the development of a sustainable society and community around us"
Pearson Educatio...,4.2,(322 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 51 more",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Pearson is the world's leading learning company, with 40,000 employees in more than 80 countries working to help people of all ages to make measurable progress in their lives through learning.

We provide learning materials, technologies, assessments and services to teachers and students in order to help people everywhere aim higher and fulfil their true potential. We put the learner at the centre of everything we do."
eMids Technologi...,3.9,(322 Reviews),Private,"Franklin,Tennessee + 2 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Working at the intersection of design, engineering, and domain expertise, our passionate team of problem solvers works closely with customers to blaze new trails that will positively impact the future of health.

Using technology and insights, we move nimbly and provide trusted advice, seeking ways to amplify results.

We focus on what matters. Creating transformative outcomes for patients, providers and partners.

We’re committed to bettering healthcare and empowering wellness."
Poly Medicure,3.6,(321 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 21 more",26 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Poly Medicure Limited (Polymed), a leading Indian Medical device company with a dominant position in medical consumables market with the focus on innovation, safety, and quality. We are one of the fastest growing Medical Devices Company in India. Across the world, we serve in over 100 countries with a wide range of more than 125 different types of products. The product range includes infusion therapy, central venous catheter, blood management system, surgery and wound drainage, anaesthesia, urology, gastroenterology and dialysis. We have 5 domestic (3 Faridabad and one each in Jaipur & Haridwar) and 3 overseas (China,Egypt & Italy) manufacturing facilities."
Baker Hughes,4.2,(321 Reviews),Private,"Boston,Massachusetts + 30 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are the leading energy technology company. We design, manufacture and service transformative technologies to help take energy forward.

For more than a century, our inventions have revolutionized energy. We harness the power of engineering, data, and science to redefine what's possible.

But we're local too. With operations in more than 120 countries we work in partnership with our customers, wherever they are, to deliver better outcomes. We are proud that our people and our businesses are part of the fabric of the communities in which they work."
Apexon,3.7,(321 Reviews),"Santa Clara,California + 9 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Apexon is a digital technology services & platform solutions company backed by Goldman Sachs Asset Management and Everstone Capital. We specialize in accelerating business transformation and delivering human-centric digital experiences. We bring together distinct core competencies – in AI, analytics, app development, cloud, commerce, CX, data, DevOps, IoT, mobile, quality engineering and UX – to help businesses capitalize on the unlimited opportunities digital offers. For over 26 years, Apexon has been meeting customers wherever they are in the digital lifecycle and helping them outperform their competition through speed and innovation.

We have grown quickly, with over 6,000+ digital engineers across 19 global offices. Both as individual organizations and combined, by taking on our clients’ toughest technology challenges and helping them re-envision business processes and customer engagement. We elevate the human experience through digital innovation. #HumanFirstDigital"
Agility,4.1,(454 Reviews),Private,Sulaibiya + 35 more,44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Agility’s story parallels the rise of emerging markets in the global economy. The company got its start as a local warehousing provider in Kuwait and grew to become the largest logistics company in the Middle East. It acquired more than 40 logistics brands around the world, some in business since the mid-1800s. Agility today is one of the world’s largest integrated logistics providers and the largest private owner and developer of industrial real estate in the Middle East and North Africa."
Castrol,4.2,(320 Reviews),Public,"Pangbourne,Berkshire + 70 more",124 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Castrol is the world leading manufacturer, distributor and marketer of premium lubricating oils, greases and related services to automotive, industrial, marine, aviation, oil exploration and production customers across the world. The company is headquartered in the UK and operates directly in over 46 countries, and employing approximately 7,500 staff worldwide. In nearly 74 other countries, we are represented by third party distributors who market and sell our products locally. The Castrol delivery network extends throughout 120 countries, covering 800 ports and partnering with over 2000 distributors and agents. Castrol offers lubricants for virtually all domestic, commercial and industrial applications. For automotive lubrication (including motorcycles 2-stroke and 4-stroke engines, car petrol and diesel engines), our products include an extensive range of manual and automatic transmission fluids, chain lubricants and waxes, coolants, suspension fluids, brake fluids, greases, cleaners and maintenance products. We also produce products for agricultural machinery, plant, general industry and marine engineering uses. All our products have a global chemical registration status and meet compliance in all locations where the product is used."
Praj Industries,4.1,(320 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 11 more",40 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"What started off as an entrepreneurial venture three decades ago, is today India’s most successful company in the field of bio-based technologies and engineering with presence all over the world. The zeal of working toward making the world a better place has stayed with us till today and will continue to do so. With a humble beginning as a supplier of ethanol plants, today Praj is a globally leading company with a bouquet of sustainable solutions for bioenergy, high purity water, critical process equipment, breweries and industrial wastewater treatment. Headquartered in Pune, India, Praj has spread its presence across the globe with more than 750 references in more than 75 countries."
Keihin Fie,4.3,(320 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 12 more",67 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Global competition among corporations is intensifying, with function, quality and cost being the determined factors, now more than ever, virtually in all industries, dynamic vitality & true creativity are indispensable in anticipating the need for new products along with quick and effective response to customer demands.Keihin carburetors, engine management system and other components provide quick response and high performance in motorcycle and recreational vehicles.Keihin products have always been known for high performance, precision and outstanding reliability."
Kajaria Ceramics,4.1,(320 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 52 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Kajaria Ceramics is the largest manufacturer of ceramic/vitrified tiles in India. It has an annual aggregate capacity of 73 mn. sq. meters, distributed across eight plants - Sikandrabad in Uttar Pradesh, Gailpur & Malootana in Rajasthan, Vijayawada & Srikalahasti in Andhra Pradesh and three plants in Gujarat.
Kajaria's manufacturing units are equipped with cutting edge modern technology. Intense automation, robotic car application and a zero chance for human error are few reasons for Kajaria to be the number 1 in the industry.
Founded 30 years ago, Kajaria has since then grown stronger with its hard work, innovations and patronage from our discerning customers.
The Indian consumers' rapidly growing appetite for style and aesthetics is the inspiration behind every design of Kajaria and its pace to keep up with the customer and market demands has made Kajaria a synonym for quality, service and innovation - not only in the domestic market but in the international market too.
Kajaria Ceramics has increased its capacity from 1 mn. sq. mtrs to 73 mn. sq. mtrs. in last 30 years and offers more than 2800 options in ceramic wall & floor tiles, vitrified tiles, designer tiles and much more. These tiles come in a wide range of colours and textures to complement bathrooms, living rooms, corridors, study rooms & kitchen, born out of an inspired creativity of those who feel that rooms should be an extension of the beauty reflected. With an unparalleled commitment towards quality we have strived to adopt technologies and standards with the changing times.
Be it technology, research, design or quality, Kajaria has set its sight on all these factors adopting new production techniques in order to enhance the quality of its products. Due to the creativity and design ability of our team, our design comprises both innovation and exclusivity.
Leveraging the two invaluable assets - the Kajaria brand and unparalleled, multi-layer distribution network - to expand the product bouquet to cater to the growing aspirations of the discerning Indian customers."
Herbalife Intern...,4.3,(320 Reviews),Private,Los Angeles + 67 more,43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a global nutrition company that has helped people pursue a healthy, active life since 1980. Our nutrition, weight-management products are available exclusively through our more than 2.3 million independent Associates in more than 90 countries.We support the Herbalife Nutrition Foundation (HNF) and its Casa Herbalife program to help bring good nutrition to children in need."
Manjushree Techn...,3.8,(319 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 13 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Manjushree is the largest rigid plastic packaging solutions provider in India under Advent International (US equity firm). It has a well-diversified presence across both preforms (compressed-PET bottles which are fully blown at the bottling plants) and customized container and closures business with expertise across multiple molding technologies for plastic packaging.

Manjushree caters to marquee customers across different end segments, including food and beverages, home and personal care, healthcare & dairy from its two manufacturing facilities in south India (Bangalore). Manjushree's superior design and technical capabilities have enabled them to drive and be at the forefront of the shift from other forms of packaging to PET packaging in several end segments."
Mahendra’s Insti...,3.2,(319 Reviews),Private,"Lucknow,Uttar Pradesh + 83 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"In the field of preparing the Banking, SSC & Railway and other PSUs, Mahendras boasts of being one of the oldest institutions in India, providing a platform for aspirants to further their careers. -Mahendra is the leading and Exclusive training institute for Bank, SSC, Railway & State Level Exams and the Winner of Prestigious India Education Award for Most Result Oriented Professional Coaching Institute & National Education Acme Award - for NO.1 Training Institute for Banks, IBPS, SSC and railway Jobs in India and Many More.-Specific courses will be a catalyst for success in clearing these exams with the same thought excellent shortcuts and techniques are taught in the classroom by the Experts Faculties to answer the questions in the given time. There will be Basics, Daily Tests, Previous papers explanation and Mock Tests.-In keeping with its tradition of always maintaining a watchful eye on market trends and tapping them, Mahendras has introduced E-Learning via Digital Content of Bank PO & Clerical exams, SSC, Railways & State Level Examinations."
Coats,4.0,(319 Reviews),Private,Middlesex + 38 more,49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Madura CoatsPrivate Limited manufactures textile products. The Company offers industrial threads and yarns.
TCS eServe,3.9,(319 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 31 more,16 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"TCS eServe is one of the largest providers of business processing outsourcing services within the Banking and Financial Services sector, providing end-to-end process management across the BFSI spectrum and a broad array of services to Citi’s consumer, corporate and global wealth management businesses worldwide."
Skill Lync,3.4,(319 Reviews),California + 9 more,8 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Skill-Lync delivers quality education by leveraging technology to equip students with the technical skillset they require, to start and succeed in their respective career paths. 

Quality educational content created by industry experts is distributed online through our platform across the globe at an affordable rate."
Embibe,3.6,(328 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 10 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Embibe is the most powerful education platform ever invented!

Embibe is the world’s first edtech company that truly delivers learning and life outcomes. It was conceived by Aditi Avasthi in 2012, with a bunch of like-minded daydreamers who took it upon themselves to change the face of education... forever. 

Almost a decade on, one thing that has not changed since our humble beginning at a small garage in Byculla, Mumbai, is our passion for adding real value. And that’s what makes us awesome!  

While others were looking to create just “CONTENT”, we placed our bets on “CONTEXT”. We are focused on not just learning but also truly understanding a student’s strengths and weaknesses to improve their learning outcomes and applying knowledge to achieve real-life goals. This philosophy is the cornerstone of our products. (And without a philosophy, a product is just a bunch of mindless features, isn’t it?)

Rooted in consumer behaviour, we are leveraging AI and data science to deliver personalised achievement journeys for every student. Because at Embibe, we believe that no two students learn the same way. And this has led us to embark on this noblest of journeys to deliver life and learning outcomes for every student!

In 2018, Reliance Jio partnered with Embibe to propel our collective vision of democratising education and impacting a billion lives. The Jio-Embibe Partnership has brought unrivalled acceleration to delivering learning outcomes to every corner of India via low-cost devices and high-speed Jio Internet connectivity.

The Embibe Tribe is a dynamic blend of intellectually fierce individuals from various walks of life. Take a stroll around our office (yes, you can visit us anytime) and you will come across alumni from global educational institutions, top academicians, experienced data scientists, pragmatic techies, people from unexpected backgrounds, vagabonds, artists, singers, and even former entrepreneurs! We are diverse but united in our shared vision of democratizing and personalizing education.

We are growing and going places fast. If your heart beats for education and you want to be part of a revolution, you probably have a place here. Hit us up, give us your context and let’s see if we can change the world together!"
Aerial Telecom S...,3.5,(318 Reviews),Private,"Mohali,Punjab + 53 more",13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"With the aim of addressing the dynamic needs of telecommunication industry, experienced professionals, with a broad range of industry experience, founded Aerial Telecom Solutions Pvt. Ltd. in 2010. This extensive experience of Aerial Telecom’s founders has enabled the firm to broaden its operations exponentially within a short period of period and serve the Telecommunication industry and related sectors globally. Within a span of 9+ years, Aerial Telecom has become an established telecom solution provider. The company has seen more than 200% growth year on year and its turnover for 2013-2014 was INR 187.6 million. Continuing this legacy, Aerial’s expected turnover for 2014-15 is INR 375.2 million. Aerial Telecom is an ISO 9001:2019 certified company. It also has OHSAS 18001:2019 certification, which determines the international standards for Occupational Health and Safety Management system. Aerial Telecom was awarded this prestigious certificate by Absolute Quality Certifications Private Limited accredited by JASANZ."
MCM Telecom Equi...,3.8,(318 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 2 more",8 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"MCM Group provides consulting services to developers on land acquisition and product development; and full marketing services including planning, budgeting, media buying, and management of graphic development and environmental graphics."
Marlabs,3.8,(318 Reviews),Private,"Piscataway,New Jersey + 9 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Marlabs helps companies adopt digital transformation using Digital360 - a comprehensive digital framework comprising of Digital Product Engineering, Digital Automation, Enterprise Analytics, Cloud, Digital Security and Digital User Experience; delivering a next-generation Digital Customer Experience.Marlabs’ digital life-cycle model delivers rapid innovation using prototyping, co-creation, concept-to-completion and rapid deployment.Marlabs’ innovation labs, “marlabs .next” incubates cutting-edge technologies like Intent-Intelligence, IoT, IoP, Blockchain and Hyper-Personalization."
Ramada,4.0,(318 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 39 more",13 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"With over 800 hotels across 63 countries, there's bound to be a Ramada nearby. Each hotel is equipped with everything you need to enjoy your stay, whether you're exploring the local sights, or staying in for a meeting or convention. Casual dining options are available, as well as meeting and events facilities."
Jiva Ayurvedic P...,3.9,(318 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 36 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Jiva Ayurveda is a leader in Ayurveda treatment with a global footprint. For millions across the world, Jiva is the first choice for holistic treatment that is completely personalized for every individual which combines medicines, diet and lifestyle steps to deliver the highest quality of treatment and care.

Jiva Ayurveda focuses on continually empowering doctors and enhancing the quality of medicines to give you the holistic benefit of the latest in treatment knowledge and optimally potent herbal medicines. 

In 1992, Jiva became the first Ayurveda treatment organization to go global! With a telecommunications module installed over the first clinic, Jiva began video-consulting patients worldwide.

Jiva Ayurveda democratized Ayurveda by becoming the first-ever to launch an Ayurveda website that opened access to high-quality Ayurveda treatment for people across the world.

Jiva launched the world’s first treatment protocol system Ayunique¬¬™ that not only standardized treatment procedures, but also enhanced quality of treatment & care. Ayunique™ assists the Jiva doctors in providing precise diagnosis and treatment."
FCC Clutch,4.2,(318 Reviews),Hamamatsu + 16 more,84 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"F.C.C. Co., Ltd. manufactures clutches through an integrated system extending from research and development of frictional materials to assembly of clutches. The scope of our business has been steadily expanding in stride with the development of the automotive industry, enabling F.C.C. to claim the top worldwide share in motorcycle clutches. Our global production system consists of 22 manufacturing facilities covering 10 overseas countries in addition to our Japanese facilities. 

Amidst today’s unrelenting competition over which manufacturer can produce the automotive parts with the highest performance, best quality, and lowest cost while maintaining ample supplies on a global level, the F.C.C. group mission is to be a company that can be counted on for safety and respect for the environment and to meet customers’ every need with an uninterrupted supply of innovative products incorporating advanced technology."
Dr. Batras' Posi...,3.5,(318 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 76 more,41 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Dr Batra's – the name that represents excellence and commitment to the health services sector – the pioneering force that aims at building values for patients, employees, partners and for the society, at large. The fundamental business strategy of Dr Batra’s is to innovate, to excel at whatever is created and to build a brand that constantly strives for something still better!Transparency in business and abiding by their fundamental principles has brought Dr Batra’s a long way in developing and maintaining excellent relations with customers. The commitment and dedication in providing customers with the best service helped Dr Batra’s to become the world’s largest homeopathic corporate."
Nlb Services,3.8,(318 Reviews),Private,"Alpharetta,Georgia + 13 more",16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"NLB Services is a fast growing consulting, analytics and digital transformation company. Founded in 2007, We are a rapidly growing team of 7500+ motivated and talented people across 15 global locations"
Vijay Nirman Com...,3.7,(317 Reviews),Private,"Visakhapatnam/Vizag,Andhra Pradesh + 28 more",41 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Dedicated to empowering customers and communities in which it worksWelcome to a company that is known for empowering customers by designing and crafting the highest quality solutions with timeliness, integrity and highest ethical standards. A company that is centred on developing cost competitive work through outstanding expertise and full spectrum of exceptional services. A company that is achieving and exceeding its goals for more than 3 decades while continuing to be one of the industry leaders. Welcome to Vijay Nirman.COMPANY HIGHLIGHTSEnvisioned in 1982 by technocrat businessman Dr. S. Vijaya KumarAt the heart of mega civil engineering and industrial projects425 completed projects and Rs.60 billions turnover crossed in the last 5 yearsIntegrated infrastructure strengthened by project management skills of a strong workforceDevoted to delivering safe, sustainable and efficient solutions"
Airports Authori...,4.4,(317 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 68 more",28 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Airports Authority of India (AAI) was constituted by an Act of Parliament and came into being on 1st April, 1995 by merging erstwhile National Airports Authority and International Airports Authority of India. The merger brought into existence a single Organization entrusted with the responsibility of creating, upgrading, maintaining and managing Civil Aviation infrastructure both on the ground and air space in the country.AAI manages 126 airports, which include 11 international airports, 89 domestic airports and 26 civil enclaves at Defence airfields. AAI provides air navigation services over 2.8 million square nautical miles of airspace. During the year 2002-03, AAI at various airports handled about 5 lakhs aircraft movements (4 lakhs domestic and 1 lakh international);40 million passengers (26 million domestic and 14 million international) and 9 lakh tonnes of cargo (3 lakh domestic and 6 lakh international)."
Otsuka Pharmaceu...,4.0,(317 Reviews),Private,"Chiyoda City,Tokyo + 26 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Otsuka Pharmaceutical India Private Limited (OPI) is a Joint Venture between Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc., Japan, and Mitsui & Co. Ltd., Japan, for Infusion Business in India and Emerging Markets. We primarily manufacture & market products across multiple markets and therapeutic segments. Being a leader in intravenous nutrition products, we are committed to being the best partner of patients and healthcare professionals in the field of clinical nutrition. We deal in infusion products across therapeutic segments including infusion therapy, parenteral nutrition, anti-infectives, and plasma volume expanders. We offer injectables via various delivery systems, such as glass and plastic bottles (EURO Head & Nipple Head), ampoules, and non-PVC/PVC bags"
Maersk Line,4.4,(317 Reviews),Public,"Copenhagen,Copenhagen + 20 more",119 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"A.P. Moller - Maersk is an integrated container logistics company. Connecting and simplifying trade to help our customers grow and thrive. With a dedicated team of over 76,000, operating in 130 countries; we go all the way to enable global trade for a growing world"
Dodla Dairy,4.2,(317 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 45 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Dodla Dairy Limited is a public limited company having its registered and corporate office at Hyderabad City of Telangana State in India. The company was incorporated in the year 1995 and production commenced in 1997. Currently, Our procurement is centered in 4 states and our products are available for purchase in 9 states. We have 80 milk chilling centers. Some of our plants are ISO 22000:2005 Certified while two are ISO 50001:2011 (EnMS) Certified."
GTL Infrastructu...,4.6,(317 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 39 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GTL Infrastructure Ltd. (GTL Infra), is a pioneer in the Shared Passive Telecom Infrastructure in India. We deploy, own and manage telecom towers and communication structures that are shared by the Wireless Telecom Operators. With a portfolio of about 28,000 towers located across all the 22 Telecom Circles in India, GTL Infra has emerged as India’s largest independent and neutral Telecom Tower company."
Talentpro,4.1,(317 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 74 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"TalentPro is an India leader for HR related products and services. TalentPro brings a spectrum of HR services that add value to our people, our clients, and all other stake holders in our ecosystem.. At TalentPro people and their lives are important to us – we do everything to enrich and enhance how they take on their interactions with the world. At TalentPro, we bring more life to people."
Xavient Digital ...,3.9,(317 Reviews),Private,"Simi Valley,California + 4 more",21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"TELUS International (NYSE & TSX: TIXT) designs, builds, and delivers
next-generation digital solutions to enhance the customer experience
(CX) for global and disruptive brands.
The company’s services support the full lifecycle of its clients’ digital
transformation journeys, enabling them to more quickly embrace
next-generation digital technologies to deliver better business
outcomes."
Dr. Reddy's Foun...,4.1,(316 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 65 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Dr.Reddy’s Foundation started in 1996 with the mission to educate and skill young people to fast track them towards livelihood options. DRF’s early programs focused on Children’s Education and Skilling and our Livelihood Advancement Business School, better known as LABS, was an innovative program way ahead of its time and  trained close to four lakh aspirants across 20 states in India.

But to address complex social problems on scale requires constant innovation and collective cooperation. Today we work with diverse partners to collectively solve problems in the areas of livelihood, education and health and we strive to be widely recognized for our problem solving skills."
Nissin Brake,4.1,(316 Reviews),Private,Nagano + 11 more,16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Our company’s core technologies are the advanced aluminum casting and manufacturing techniques we have cultivated by making brakes since our founding, and integrated braking systems that involve all the braking components of a vehicle, from master cylinders to disc brakes.These two core technologies can contribute to decreasing environmental load via vehicle weight reductions as well as to the pursuit of improved safety, the big issues in the automotive industry today. Truly, they meet the needs of the times.Our own efforts to reduce weight using our firm's aluminum casting and manufacturing techniques include expanding our product line-up to include calipers in which aluminum has been substituted for iron and specially developed aluminum knuckles."
Aptech,3.6,(316 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 63 more",37 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Aptech Ltd. is a Global Learning Solutions company that commenced its education and training business in 1986 and has trained over 7 million students worldwide.
Aptech has presence in more than 40 emerging countries through its two main streams of businesses - Individual Training and Enterprise Business. As a leader in career education, it has over 1300 centres of learning across the world.
Under Individual Training, Aptech offers career and professional training through its retail brands: Arena Animation & Maya Academy of Advanced Cinematics (both in animation & multimedia), Aptech Learning (IT, Banking & Finance, Hardware & Networking, and English Language Training), Aptech Aviation Academy (Aviation, Hospitality, Travel & Tourism, Event Management and Retail training), Lakmé Academy powered by Aptech and Aptech Montana International Preschool, and Aptech Global Training (International training).
Enterprise business includes Aptech Assessment & Testing Solutions (Technology based contemporary assessment solutions) & Aptech Training Solutions (Customized training for Corporates & Institutions)."
Kunal Structure,3.7,(316 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 22 more",17 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"KSIPL was a dream that materialized in the year 1992 under the leadership of Mr. Arvind Domadia. The company has been known as renowned government contractors with timely project completions ever since. Under the guidance of Mr. Kunal Domadia, the second generation entrepreneur, the company today continues to strive for success through a presence in all infrastructural segments pan India with a satisfied clientele.India's Infrastructural Growth Story - A Kick Start to the economyInfrastructure is the backbone for the development of any country. It is one of foremost needs for sustainable growth and development. The need for sustainable infrastructure is becoming more important with the increase in the workforce observed every year. The Government of India responded to this need with a ‘kick start for infrastructure’ in the budget for the year 2015-16. A significant increase of Rs. 70,000 crores was announced for investments in infrastructure."
PepsiCo (India) ...,4.1,(316 Reviews),Gurgaon/Gurugram + 78 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
TEXMO INDUSTRIES,3.7,(385 Reviews),Private,Coimbatore + 28 more,67 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in 1956, Texmo Industries has been at the forefront and been the pace setters in the electric motor and agricultural pump Industry since. Texmo primarily started to serve the nascent textile motor market, today which has an annual turnover of over five billion INR, making it the market leader in India.   Employing over 1800 people Texmo has a wide network of company branches and dealers making it possible for customers to be able to make use of our products and services in every part of the country.   The goal is to make us as approachable as possible and to respond to customers as quickly as possible. In pursuit of these goals, we have installed flexible manufacturing systems and a wide variety of configurations and design platforms that can be shared by a family of products. We have widened our platform base to meet our customers' needs, manufacturing 3600 product variants."
TTK Healthcare,4.2,(315 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 55 more",95 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"TTK- the three letters that stand for quality consumer products & pharmaceutical formulations at affordable prices. A reputation built across eight decades. An organization that started out as an indenting agency and grew to what it is today with path-breaking marketing ideas. Tiruvellore Thattai Krishnamachari better known as TTK gave up law, joining with A R Doraisami Iyengar who was running a consumer goods firm in Chennai. The firm represented Levers Brothers. When Iyengar died in 1928, TTK was awarded the Levers Brothers agency. TT Krishnamachari & Co. was set up in the same year to handle the business and the rest is history!"
Bristlecone,3.7,(315 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 8 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We’re Bristlecone, the trusted partner in supply chain transformation committed to making a difference. Our culture is built on a clear sense of purpose, unshakeable set of values and unrelenting passion for pursuing innovative ideas. Organizations across diverse industries – and in every corner of the world – turn to us for end-to-end digital transformation capabilities that create higher performing environments and deliver positive customer experiences."
Hindusthan Natio...,3.7,(315 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 17 more",77 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"HNG was founded by Mr. C K Somany in 1946 following the commissioning of India’s first fully automated glass manufacturing plant at Rishra (near Kolkata). At present, it is the key player in India’s container glass industry with a pan India presence and its plants located at Rishra, Bahadurgarh, Rishikesh, Neemrana, Nashik and Puducherry. HNG has captured a large share of the Indian market and also has an increasingly satisfied client base in more than 23 countries. Strategy: We are the largest container glass solutions provider in India and we look forward to be a global leader in container glass packaging industry. Our strategy is to create world class products, so that we can satiate the demands of our consumers and thus, surpass our contemporaries in competition. It is with our integrated efforts and customer service that we have managed to keep our growth rate on an upward swing; in spite of the present economic turmoil, which has adversely affected people's lives and ways in which business is being conducted."
Jio Platforms,4.0,(315 Reviews),Navi Mumbai + 36 more,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Kirloskar Pneuma...,4.1,(314 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 9 more",65 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1958 by Shantanurao Kirloskar, Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited (KPCL) is one of the core Kirloskar group companies. As such, it espouses all the values that come with being part of a rich 130-year legacy in manufacturing and industrial innovation. With a product range that includes Air Compressors, Air Conditioning and Refrigeration Systems, Process Gas Systems, Vapour Absorption Systems and Industrial Gear Boxes. KPCL serves a variety of sectors like Oil, Gas, Steel, Cement, Food and Beverage, Railways, Defence and Marine.

With innovation at its core, KPCL has led the way in developing sophisticated and high-tech products that redefine the industries they’re used in. Being on the cutting edge of the industry has led to us establishing long-standing relationships with leading global companies. We’ve worked hard to develop a reputation for delivering advanced products that meet our customer’s needs and exceed their expectations. By focusing on continually evolving and developing our offerings, we keep raising our standards, subsequently the standards of the entire industry."
Srei Equipment F...,4.4,(314 Reviews),Public,Kolkata + 72 more,34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Srei, a Kanoria Foundation entity, is one of India's leading asset finance and leasing institutions, constantly and consistently delivering innovative solutions in the infrastructure sector. Srei, which in Sanskrit means ‘to accord credit’ has completed over thirty years and has come a long way after starting its journey perhaps in one of the most challenging environments.

Our journey of over three decades has made us both ‘Dynamic and Innovative’. With 'Entrepreneurship' as our hallmark, we have grown over the years to become the preferred partners in ‘Asset Finance & Leasing’ in the infrastructure sector.

To broad base shareholding we were the first Indian infrastructure NBFC to be listed on the London Stock Exchange way back in 2005. We also have the distinction of having a wide spectrum of international institutions as our stakeholders:IFC (International Finance Corporation - World Bank Group) KfW & DEG Germany (Financial Institutions owned by the Government of Germany), FMO (Financial Institution owned by the Government of Netherlands), BIO (Financial Institution owned by the Government of Belgium), FINFUND (Financial Institution owned by the Government of Finland), Fidelity, Norges Bank and many more."
Gujarat Heavy Ch...,4.0,(314 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 19 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GHCL is a diversified company with an established foot print in Chemicals,Textiles and Consumer products segment."
Bajaj Capital In...,3.8,(314 Reviews),New Delhi + 88 more,19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"BajajCapitalInsurance.com is owned and operated by Bajaj Capital Insurance Broking Limited and it is one of India's most prominent insurance comparison, transaction and service portal.

We offer a wide range of insurance products comprising both life and general insurance. You get free insurance quotes, you can compare plans based on their features and also make purchases online (as available from time to time).

BajajCapitalInsurance.com helps you in comparing different plans by providing their quotes from insurance companies, list of hospitals covered and key benefits side by side. You can compare term life insurance plans, health insurance or mediclaim plans, car insurance and travel insurance as well.

You can select your ideal insurance plan from a number of suitable options on a single client-oriented platform."
Efs Facilities S...,4.1,(314 Reviews),Private,"Dubai,Dubai + 34 more",17 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"EFS Facilities Services is a regional leader in delivering integrated facilities management services across the Middle East, Africa, South Asia and Turkey. For over 19 Years, EFS is well-acknowledged by all for providing quality services to some of the biggest regional names including leading multinationals in the region. Since 2009, we have expanded our diversified clientele through our comprehensive services offering across the region."
CtrlS,3.7,(468 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 11 more,16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At CtrlS Data Centers, we have no priority greater than keeping your applications online and we take that very seriously. Our commitment to take total ownership of the project has resulted in a client portfolio featuring some of the most renowned names in industry as well as the young entrepreneur who’s cloud software needs secure, continual hosting.

Read about our values, our people and the recognition that has been awarded to us for our consistent value creation for our clients. We would be more than happy to demonstrate our capabilities to you.

Silicon India has acknowledged CtrlS one of the Top 25 Cloud Computing companies in India based on economy, usability and flexibility. CtrlS, Top Cloud providers in India offers Private Cloud on Demand, Cloud hosting and cloud servers hosting solutions"
Rockwell Automat...,4.0,(397 Reviews),Private,"Milwaukee,Wisconsin + 15 more",120 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are the largest company in the world that is dedicated to industrial automation and information. Across the globe, our flagship Allen-Bradley® and Rockwell Software® product brands are recognized for excellence.

Our keen focus on technology innovation, domain expertise, and integrity and corporate responsibility fuels our success."
Sarovar Hotels &...,4.2,(313 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 53 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Across India & Beyond !

Sarovar is the leading hotel management company in India. Sarovar Hotels span business, leisure and religious destinations. The Company manages over 80 hotels and resorts across 50 destinations in India and overseas under Sarovar Premiere, Sarovar Portico, Hometel brands. The brands cover 3-star to 5-star hotels.

Sarovar Hotels founded the Corporate Hospitality Services division in 2000 for the management of services at various prestigious Business Schools. Geoffrey's, Sarovar's English Pub brand also operates at multiple
destinations across India.

For more information please visit www.sarovarhotels.com or call Toll Free on 1800 111 222
For Job opportunities with Sarovar Hotels, please login to http://www.jobs.net/jobs/sarovarhotels/en-us/"
Indecomm Global ...,3.6,(313 Reviews),Private,"Edison,New Jersey + 10 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Headquartered in Edison, NJ, Indecomm is a leading provider of business services and technology for the US mortgage industry. With solutions for every stage of the mortgage lifecycle, Indecomm provides outsourcing services, software as a service (SaaS) technology, and learning solutions to support the various needs of mortgage industry clients.

With a proven track record of over 25 years in the mortgage industry, Indecomm partners with large and mid-sized lenders, servicers, and title companies as a trusted partner with a singular focus - helping them grow."
Monte Carlo,4.2,(313 Reviews),Public,"San Francisco,California + 56 more",39 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Monte Carlo Fashions Limited is a clothing company based in India. It is an apparel retailer and manufacturer of woolen and cotton garments for men, women and kids."
Lakme,4.3,(312 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 56 more",43 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The contemporary Indian beauty expert - Lakmé continuously innovates to offer a wide range of high performance and world class cosmetics, skincare products, and beauty salons. Combining international cosmetic technology with an in-depth understanding of the Indian woman’s needs, Lakmé also offers its consumers a comprehensive beauty experience through its products that are ideal for a variety of Indian skin tones."
Zee Entertainmen...,3.9,(456 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 25 more,31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Twenty seven years ago, we started with a single channel, Zee TV, beaming unique shows and curated content to a largely South Asian audience hungry for new-age entertainment. Over time, we expanded into a multinational colossus that straddles the Media and Entertainment industry, creating innovative content for a discerning audience and uniting the world through entertainment. We celebrate the fact that with effort and conviction, we can create gold out of the ordinary.

Everything that we create, not only has to be better than what was, but it has to be extraordinary, everyday.Because we inspire to go beyond, it’s not a goal, it’s a standard. It’s not for any particular individual. It’s for everyone.

We know that when we create the extraordinary everyday, With our audiences, our people, our partners and our stakeholders, only then will we be Extraordinary, Together."
First Flight Cou...,4.0,(311 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 71 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"First Flight Couriers (Middle East) L.L.C was launched in 1998 by our founder Managing Partner Mr. Johnson Thomas. The UAE operations was triggered in the year 1986 and was formerly known as ANE EXPRESS. It was in the year 1998, Mr. Johnson Thomas joined hands with Mr. O. P Saboo, CMD of First Flight Couriers Limited, India to merge together to start operations in UAE.

Today First Flight Couriers (Middle East) L.L.C is a significant player in express courier services in UAE, a synonymous name for premium quality service in major financial exchanges, Banks, Institutions, Trading companies etc. We offer a wide range of express delivery solutions that maps your business needs.

First Flight Couriers (Middle East) L.L.C is now serving to more than 250 countries, covering 1800 destinations with our network of 930 own offices & 8 international offshoots.We have a global presence in all continents by strategic tie ups with leading express delivery companies."
Micron Electrica...,4.1,(311 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 12 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Micron Electricals
SMC Global Secur...,3.5,(311 Reviews),Public,SMC Global Securities Ltd. + 50 more,29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1990, SMC is a diversified financial services company in India offering brokerage services across the asset classes of equities (cash and derivatives), commodities and currency, investment banking, wealth management, distribution of third party financial products, research, financing, depository services, insurance broking (life & non-life), clearing services, mortgage advisory and real estate advisory services to corporates, institutions, high net worth individuals and other retail clients."
Fena,4.1,(311 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 51 more",47 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"FENA was founded as a first generation entrepreneurial venture in 1976. Over the years, Fena has grown steadily to its present position and is recognised as a leading player in the field of Fabric Care, Home Care and Personal Care products in India, with a growing International division spanning a diversified product range.Fena today, is a professionally managed Company which seeks to realize its vision within the framework of its well-defined value system. It has developed a core competence in the manufacturing and marketing fields and is continuously adding an exciting range of new products in Fabric, Home and Personal Care segments for domestic as well as the export market."
Trident Hotels,4.1,(311 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 19 more,89 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Trident Hotels falls under the aegis of The Oberoi Group. The Oberoi Group has presence in six countries under the luxury 'Oberoi' and five-star 'Trident' brand. Founded in 1934, it operates 30 hotels, a Nile Cruiser and a Motor Vessel in the backwaters of Kerala. The Group is also engaged in flight catering, airport restaurants, travel and tour services, car rentals, project management and corporate air charters.
Trident hotels are five-star hotels that have established a reputation for excellence and are acknowledged for offering quality and value. These hotels combine ideal locations with state of the art facilities and dependable service in a caring environment, making them the ideal choice for business and leisure travellers. At present there are ten Trident hotels in India. These are located in Mumbai at Bandra Kurla and Nariman Point, Gurgaon (Delhi National Capital Region), Hyderabad, Chennai, Bhubaneshwar, Cochin, Agra, Jaipur and Udaipur. The Oberoi Group also operates a Trident hotel in the Saudi Arabian city of Jeddah."
Jaypee Cement,4.1,(311 Reviews),Private,"Solan,Himachal Pradesh + 64 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Jaypee Group is an Indian conglomerate based in Noida, India. It was founded by Jaiprakash Gaur which is involved in well diversified infrastructure conglomerate with business interests in Engineering & Construction, Power, Cement, Real Estate, Hospitality, Expressways, IT, Sports & Education."
Vedang Cellular ...,4.1,(311 Reviews),Mumbai + 45 more,13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Vedang Cellular Services is a leading telecom network planning and optimization company serving major telecom OEMs and operators. With a skilled workforce deployed at different client sites, we have a strong presence across 15+ circles, providing innovative services for the Indian market. The constant endeavor to expand our footprint has seen us foray into the realm of managed and consulting services.

A proven track record in the network planning and optimization domain and an enduring focus on customer-centricity is driving Vedang’s commitment to innovation. We have ambitious plans to leverage emerging technologies such as Automation, Internet of Things (IoT), Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence."
Karvy Financial ...,3.6,(929 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 42 more",42 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Karvy Financial Services Ltd. (KFSL) is registered with the Reserve Bank of India as a Systemically Important Non-Deposit accepting Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC-ND-SI).

KFSL is a part of the KARVY group, one of the largest integrated financial services provider in the country specialising in various areas such as Stock Broking, Investment advisory services, Wealth management advisory, Investment Banking, Commodities broking and advisory, E-governance, Data management and Service delivery for Telecom and Banking, Depository participant services, Registry and shareholder services, Data analytics, Market research and Alternate energy to name a few. The group employs over 30000 employees with 1300 offices in 470 cities with international footprints in the US, South east Asia and Middle East."
Lanco Infratech,4.4,(590 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 27 more",37 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"As one of India's leading business entities, Lanco Infratech Limited has been driving growth in the domains of Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC), Power, Solar, Natural Resources and Infrastructure over the last two-and-a-half decades. Its continuous focus on innovation and expansion together with its commitment to quality and excellence has contributed significantly to the progress that the company has made over a short span of time. The 25-year-old Lanco group is, today, uniquely poised to attain leadership position in its areas of operation."
Mahanagar Gas,4.2,(310 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 18 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mahanagar Gas Limited, (MGL) one of the India's leading Natural Gas Distribution Companies was incorporated on 8th May 1995. GAIL (India) Limited (Maharatna Company of Govt. of India) is the promoter of MGL."
AT&T,4.3,(315 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,Texas + 13 more",40 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We understand that our customers want an easier, less complicated life. We’re using our network, labs, products, services and people to create a world where everything works together seamlessly, and life is better as a result. 

Our people, and their passion to succeed, are at the heart of what we do. Today, we’re poised to connect millions of people with their world, delivering the human benefits of technology in ways that defy the imaginable."
Cuemath,4.2,(309 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 16 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Cuemath is an after-school online Math program for KG to 12th-grade students. 

We are: STEM Accredited | Present in 20+ Countries | Certified by Grant Thornton | Backed by Capital G. 

Our Teaching Methodology consists of a Unique Approach that combines 1:1 / Group instructions with engaging puzzles, Interactive visuals which help teach math as intuitive logic, and self-paced learning for your child"
Hema Engineering...,3.6,(308 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 20 more",39 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Hema Group of Industries, a 450 crore (80 Millions in € ) Conglomerate, is a Leading OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) catering to leading automobile manufacturers of India. The Group has varied Diversified Operations, which is presently propelling it to New Heights. The Groups present position have been made possible, due to the Group’s futuristic vision of “Attaining leadership through Engineering Excellence” and the stress on the mantra of “Perfection in Quality, Cost and Delivery.”"
Aegis Essar,3.6,(308 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 22 more",20 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"Since 1969, and over the last 50 years, Essar has been dedicated to developing the core sectors of the Indian economy through Greenfield and Brownfield investments. Essar promoters took a conscious decision to invest in these sectors and make India self-sufficient. They pioneered the private sector’s entry into capital intensive businesses and despite overwhelming odds, persisted to complete its committed investments."
Nihilent,3.8,(308 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 3 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Nihilent is a global consulting and services company using design thinking approach to problem-solving and integrated change management. Our comprehensive range of expertise in process and technology enables customers to achieve new heights of business performance. Nihilent has a significant presence in India, USA, UK, Australia, and South Africa. We are a CMMI® Level 5 appraised and ISO 9001: 2015 certified company.

Nihilent provides a comprehensive range of process and technology-led transformation services leveraging advanced analytics, artificial intelligence, blockchain, business intelligence, data science, cloud services, IoT, and machine learning. We focus these services to Banking, Financial Services, Insurance, Retail, Supply Chain & Manufacturing, Media and Entertainment, and Healthcare organizations.

Customer centricity is a mission at Nihilent, pursuing we have developed and been awarded a patent for Change Management based on our MC3 ® framework for Performance Management and Strategy Execution. We also have a patent for our predictive ‘Customer Loyalty Evaluation’ (CLE) model – 14 Signals® – which enables businesses to identify the loyalty drivers and build enduring customer loyalty successfully.

Additionally, we have developed a patent-pending design-thinking based Product Lifecycle Development framework- Prolicy D. It provides a structure that is measurable on a predetermined parameter, aligning the needs, wants and aspirations of customers to the product being developed. The model evaluates the success of the product based on its usability, aesthetics and most importantly, emotional connect.

Using our insights, we continue to enhance customers’ business outcome and efficiency by enabling effective decision-making. Creating an enriching customer experience and accelerating their revenue and growth."
Hpl Electric & P...,3.4,(308 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 42 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"HPL Electric & Power Ltd is a multi product electric equipment company and is among the leading companies of India in the electrical equipment manufacturing segment with products ranging from LED Lightings, Industrial & Domestic Switchgears, Metering solutions, Wires & Cables, Modular Switches and Solar solutions covering the entire spectrum of commercial & industrial markets, We strongly believe in ""Innovation & Technology""​ being the key drivers of our products vis a vis company hence we at HPL keep a great focus on the design and development of latest technologies and its based products in the highly equipped research & development centre, where industry veteran engineers test and trial their researches to deliver best in class & superior quality products while a separate highly efficient Quality team keeps a strict check on quality of the products just to make sure that the best in class products for our millions of customers."
Satyam Auto Comp...,3.9,(308 Reviews),Private,"Ludhiana,Punjab + 15 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 2001 in the automotive industrial hub of Gurgaon, Satyam Auto Components Pvt. Ltd. is serving the escalating market demands for high quality automotive components. With 19 years of rich experience in the automotive industry, Satyam today is a world class manufacturer of Chassis for Motorcycles, Welded Sub-Assemblies, Fuel Tanks for two and four wheelers and Brake Booster Assemblies"
Roop Polymers,4.1,(308 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 14 more",50 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ours is a OEM for Rubber spare parts for all major 4 wheeler company like Honda,Maruti Suzuki,TRW,Mantaline,Heo Honda,the Group turnover Sales touched 250 Crores period ended November 2009.There are four Units under the aegis of Roop ,each one is handling thier independent product of rubber parts used for different purposes in the Four wheelers"
Supertech,4.0,(308 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 15 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Supertech Limited, India's leading real estate developer was founded 27 years back in National Capital Region and since then has been scaling new heights by each passing day. The company has set new trends of architectural finesse in the contemporary global scenario touching the horizons of excellence. Established under the dynamic leadership of Mr. R. K. Arora, Supertech has led to creation of various landmark projects. The leaders and skilled professionals of the company have worked towards launching out of the league projects and take the real estate sector to the next level. Supertech is the pioneer to launch the concept of mixed-use development in India and to come up with high rise constructions in North India."
Teamware Solutio...,4.2,(308 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 11 more",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Teamware Solutions, a business division of Quantum Leap Consulting Private Limited, offers cutting edge industry solutions for deriving business value for our clients'​ IT initiatives."
Siemens Energy,4.2,(1.6k Reviews),Private,Munich + 21 more,176 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Siemens is a global powerhouse focusing on the areas of electrification, automation and digitalization. One of the world’s largest producers of energy-efficient, resource-saving technologies, Siemens is a leading supplier of systems for power generation and transmission as well as medical diagnosis. In infrastructure and industry solutions the company plays a pioneering role."
Brainvire,4.6,(307 Reviews),Private,"Plano,Texas + 5 more",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Established in the year 2000, Brainvire is a global information technology, consulting and outsourcing company. Headquartered in Texas, USA, and has its international presence in the USA, UK, UAE, Dubai, Europe, Canada, Australia, France, Singapore and more. 

We have pioneered ourselves in providing end-to-end solutions and services in the areas of information technology, consulting and outsourcing in various segments of industry like advertising, education, finance, healthcare, life sciences, hotel/hospitality, media and entertainment, mobile and wireless, retail, real estate, sports and fitness, technology, non-profit and more.

Our team of talented, dynamic and young professionals is capable of providing high-end quality solutions to our clients with the right blend of technology, domain knowledge, and effective methodology. Brainvire regularly embraces and master new information technologies, human learning, enhancements, and training tools to provide added value to our customers."
Novartis Healthc...,4.2,(307 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 18 more",27 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Novartis was created in 1996 through a merger of Ciba-Geigy and Sandoz. Novartis and its predecessor companies trace roots back more than 250 years, with a rich history of developing innovative products. From beginnings in the production of synthetic fabric dyes, the companies that eventually became Novartis branched out into producing chemicals and ultimately pharmaceuticals.

The history of Novartis traces the converging destinies of three companies: Geigy, a chemicals and dyes trading company founded in Basel, Switzerland in the middle of the 18th century; Ciba, which began producing dyes in 1859; and Sandoz, a chemical company founded in Basel in 1886.

These companies shared a common trait which lives on at Novartis: a passion for developing and marketing new products that contribute to human progress through advances in science and health. Building on this heritage, today Novartis focuses its innovation prowess on addressing the unmet needs of patients worldwide."
RAK Ceramics,4.0,(307 Reviews),Private,"Ras Al Khaimah,Ras Al Khaimah + 34 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"RAK Ceramics is one of the largest ceramics’ brands in the world. Specialising in ceramic and gres porcelain wall and floor tiles and sanitaryware we produce 123 million square metres of tiles and 5 million pieces of sanitaryware per year at our 22 state-of-the-art plants across the United Arab Emirates, India and Bangladesh.Headquartered in the United Arab Emirates, we serve clients in more than 150 countries through our network of operational hubs in Europe, Middle"
Brainvire,4.6,(307 Reviews),Private,"Plano,Texas + 5 more",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Established in the year 2000, Brainvire is a global information technology, consulting and outsourcing company. Headquartered in Texas, USA, and has its international presence in the USA, UK, UAE, Dubai, Europe, Canada, Australia, France, Singapore and more. 

We have pioneered ourselves in providing end-to-end solutions and services in the areas of information technology, consulting and outsourcing in various segments of industry like advertising, education, finance, healthcare, life sciences, hotel/hospitality, media and entertainment, mobile and wireless, retail, real estate, sports and fitness, technology, non-profit and more.

Our team of talented, dynamic and young professionals is capable of providing high-end quality solutions to our clients with the right blend of technology, domain knowledge, and effective methodology. Brainvire regularly embraces and master new information technologies, human learning, enhancements, and training tools to provide added value to our customers."
SIS Prosegur Hol...,3.8,(307 Reviews),Private,"Patna,Bihar + 61 more",28 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"SIS Prosegur Cash Services is a cash management company that offers integrated Cash Management solutions to Private, Public and Corporate sector, Industries, Institutions, Multinational companies and other high-profile clients.SIS Prosegur Cash Services is one of the oldest companies of Cash Management Business in India. We started Cash Business in 1995 by providing cash escort services to one of the leading banks. Over the last 20 years, the company has grown to provide various services relating to cash with a presence in about 450 cities across 28 States &UTs."
RAK Ceramics,4.0,(307 Reviews),Private,"Ras Al Khaimah,Ras Al Khaimah + 34 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"RAK Ceramics is one of the largest ceramics’ brands in the world. Specialising in ceramic and gres porcelain wall and floor tiles and sanitaryware we produce 123 million square metres of tiles and 5 million pieces of sanitaryware per year at our 22 state-of-the-art plants across the United Arab Emirates, India and Bangladesh.Headquartered in the United Arab Emirates, we serve clients in more than 150 countries through our network of operational hubs in Europe, Middle"
Siyaram Silk Mil...,4.1,(306 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 28 more",45 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We, Siyaram’s Silk Mills Limited, are committed to our promise of creating world-class fabrics for the fashion forward trendsetters. With a rich legacy of over 30 years, our bespoke mens wear fashion is synonymous with high quality, continuous innovation and iconic futuristic designs which are local at heart and international in appeal.
Being ISO 9001:2008 certified and with top-of-the-line plants and world class equipments we are India’s largest producer of blended high fashion suiting /shirting fabrics, manufacturing over 60 million metres of fabric annually and winning the hearts of millions of fashion conscious consumers. Our state-of-the-art manufacturing plants are located at Tarapur, Daman and Silvassa.
We enjoy the unparalleled legacy of being the preferred brand of both urban and rural India. Our integrated distribution network, with over 0.1 million retail footprints across the country, makes high-octane fashion accessible to the masses and the classes.
With a firm belief in business ethics and corporate sustainability and our excellence brought forth by our cutting-edge in-house research & development team has bolstered our identity as a Forerunner of a innovation, design and impeccable quality in the India Textile Market."
CWT,4.4,(306 Reviews),Private,Minnetonka + 10 more,29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CWT is a Business-to-Business-for-Employees (B2B4E) travel management platform. Companies and governments rely on us to keep their people connected – anywhere, anytime, anyhow – and across six continents, we provide their employees with innovative technology and an efficient, safe and secure travel experience. Every single day, we look after enough travelers to fill more than 100,000 hotel rooms, while our meetings and events division handles more than 100 events every 24 hours."
British Council,3.9,(306 Reviews),Government,London + 17 more,89 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The British Council is the UK’s international organisation for cultural relations and educational opportunities. We were founded in 1934 and incorporated by Royal Charter in 1940.

We create friendly knowledge and understanding between the people of the UK and other countries. We do this by making a positive contribution to the UK and the countries we work with – changing lives by creating opportunities, building connections and engendering trust.

We work with more than 100 countries across the world in the fields of arts and culture, the English language, education and civil society. Last year, we reached more than 80 million people directly and 791 million people overall, including online, through broadcasts and publications."
Kaya Skin Clinic,4.2,(306 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 32 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Everyone desires beautiful skin and gorgeous hair. We at Kaya understand this aspiration.
Our team of expert dermatologists understand the uniqueness of Indian skin and hair and hence, the solutions are designed for best efficacy. Our experts have helped enhance and transform the lives of millions of consumers.
Everyone’s skin and hair type demands a customized level of treatment. Our dermatologists assesses the need of a consumer and recommends appropriate solutions customized to one’s need. This is followed by in-clinic solutions which are designed and supervised by a team of expert dermatologists and trained beauty therapists. We value our customers and are always on our toes constantly to ensure that we help them look their best and make their Kaya journey beautiful and rewarding. We also do so with our loyalty programm, Kaya Smiles which rewards a customer by virtue of one’s spends at Kaya.
Apart from services, we have also developed advanced retail products across 13 distinct skin and hair care ranges. We have a wide spectrum of about 60+ products that range from daily hair care and skin care, for both men and women. A synergistic combination of these products and services provide you with a holistic skin and hair care solution."
Jtekt Sona Autom...,4.1,(306 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 14 more",16 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"JTEKT SONA AUTOMOTIVE INDIA LIMITED is a Public Limited Company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 having its registered office at UGF-6 Indra Prakash, 21 Barakhamba Road, New Delhi – 110 001. The Company has been incorporated as a Joint Venture Company in terms of the Joint Venture Agreement dated 29th May, 2007 entered into between Sona Koyo Steering Systems Limited and M/s JTEKT Corporation, Japan. The company has been set up to manufacture Column-Electric Power Steering System (C-EPS) for passenger cars. C-EPS is the next generation technology for Automotive Steering, which in addition to superior features also addresses environmental concerns. The technology support for manufacturing Column Type Electric Power Steering (C-EPS) Systems has been provided by M/s JTEKT Corporation, Japan, who is the leading manufacturers of Steering Systems in the world."
Prince Pipes & F...,4.2,(306 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 37 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"PRINCE PIPES AND FITTINGS LTD. continuously aims at growing its product range to meet the needs of a growing India. We are committed towards constant innovations in plumbing, irrigation and sewerage technologies to meet the nation’s constantly increasing water demands. Prince Pipes constantly strives to pave the way for a future that provides clean water for everyone and everywhere; from the smallest villages to the largest cities. Water conservation is as important as leak-proof water transport. We also provide Borewell systems for groundwater extraction. With a combined network of 1055 distributors which includes 843 Prince Distributors and 212 Trubore Distributors, Prince Pipes is constantly increasing its pan-India distributor base to ensure it is always close to its customers and ever ready to address their needs. With its corporate office in Mumbai, PRINCE PIPES AND FITTINGS LTD. has its manufacturing plants at Athal (Silvassa), Dadra (Silvassa), Haridwar (Uttarakhand), Kolhapur (Maharashtra) and Chennai (Tamil Nadu"
St. Xavier's Hig...,4.0,(305 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 81 more",154 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"Literacy in the present day scenario plays a vital role in determining the standard of civilization of a particular country. Universal literacy is, therefore, the goal of every nation. Considering the importance of English, the accepted global motion and to keep pace with any other advanced countries of the world, the St. Xavier’s Group of Schools evolves its policies to stress on high standard English literacy which pave the way to brilliant academic success. With this end in view, the group endeavors to open schools in each and every district of the country so as to impart high quality education through English medium."
Omax Autos,3.7,(305 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 15 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1983, the company specializes in sheet metal components, tubular components and machined components. Focused on performance, OMAX is amongst the prime OEM (parts and assembly) suppliers.With a turnover of INR 1042.22 crore(160.74 M USD) in FY 2016-17, more than 400+ Executive staff and several international accreditations, we feature in the list of top 10 automotive component manufacturers in India.OMAX’s success is powered by its advanced manufacturing facilities. Starting with its first plant in Dharuhera, Haryana, today, the company has nine fully-functional manufacturing plants across India. The company has robust engineering process capabilities and boasts of a comprehensive range of modern machines and production facilities designed to give optimum output as per customers specifications.Omax has expanded its reach by providing a wide gamut of Assemblies, Sub-assemblies, Frames, Bus Structure Assemblies, Tools Fixtures and SPM. The range of products finds application in segments like Automotive (2W, 3W, PC & CV), Off Highway and Railways & Heavy Fabrication."
Satya MicroCapit...,4.0,(305 Reviews),Public,"Delhi,NCT + 88 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SATYA has adopted a unique Limited Liability Group (LLG) Model for extending loans and ensuring repayment. The company’s LLG model distributes the liability among each group member which exists only up to 10% of Loan Tenure in bi-weekly collections. Through the model, the company aims to add a social touch to lending by integrating modern technology into the Micro Finance industry. Satya MicroCapital Limited primarily caters to women who own businesses and are looking for means of expansion. The group lending model allows groups of borrowers to share the liability and responsibility to repay loans while helping them build a strong credit profile to avail finance from traditional financial institutions.

Along with the afore-mentioned LLG loan product, SATYA offers a diverse range of unique Loan Products to cater to its wide client base. Furthermore, the company provides prompt, convenient and affordable collateral-free credit to people at the bottom of the pyramid through a strong credit assessment and centralized approval system. SATYA began its microfinance operations from January 2017. The company utilized demonetization as an opportunity to rework on the business strategy through cashless transactions. SATYA is an institution built with a vision of change, transformation and is a differentiator in financial inclusion space and its approach is well recognized by industry experts and professionals across different sectors. It is committed to being a socially responsible organization with a focus on Health, Education, Financial Literacy, Nasha-Mukt Samaaj, Gender Equality, and Swachh Bharat. The Company is spreading social awareness messages in its area of operations.

Currently, SATYA has established 150 branches in 131 districts in 22 states (Assam, Bihar, Chandigarh, Chhattisgarh, Delhi, Gujarat, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu & Kashmir, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Meghalaya, Odisha, Pondicherry, Punjab, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Tripura, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand and West Bengal). We are committed to creating livelihood through entrepreneurship by progressing with Trust, Transparency, Teams, Technology and Training. We promise happiness to everyone and that’s our motto as well:"
Lido Learning,2.2,(305 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 15 more",4 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"LIDO is an ed-tech company revolutionizing formal classroom education through a unique and immersive online classroom for every child in India. With our exciting and fun online classes for students, we are building the Lido experience: cutting edge content like animated videos and interactive games, a personalized platform for homework, tests, challenges, and inspiring teachers."
Apple,4.3,(790 Reviews),Private,"Cupertino,California + 67 more",47 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We’re a diverse collection of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with the Mac, iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch, as well as with services, including iTunes, the App Store, Apple Music, and Apple Pay. And the same innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices — strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it."
Competent Softwa...,3.9,(304 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 6 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"""Since 1996, CS has been working with major Real Estate Data Services providers as well as Title Plant data providers, with pan US presence.
Over the period of 22 years, we have developed advanced proprietary software & automation techniques, including extensive use of OCR, Natural Language Processing (NLP), and Machine Learning (ML), to extract and validate data elements from the Images of Unstructured documents, and Electronic Data Lakes, resulting in consistent high quality at reduced costs.
We have multiple offices in New Delhi, India. Any manual work required, after all automation, is done in the most cost effective way with highest possible quality, resulting in Guaranteed Savings."""
Heidelberg Cemen...,4.0,(304 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 45 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"HeidelbergCement India Limited (HCIL / Company) is a subsidiary of HeidelbergCement Group, Germany. The Company has its operations in Central India at Damoh (Madhya Pradesh), Jhansi (Uttar Pradesh) and in Southern India at Ammasandra (Karnataka). The Company increased its capacity to 5.4 million tones p.a. through brown field expansion of its facilities in Central India in 2013.
The new manufacturing capacity has enabled the Company to increase its market share in Central India i.e. Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh and in markets of Bihar, Haryana and Uttarakhand. With the help of committed sales efforts supported by quality products, the Company has carved a niche for its brand ""mycem"" in new markets and has further improved its brand positioning in the existing ones."
Hamilton Housewa...,4.2,(304 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 23 more",51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hamilton Housewares Pvt Ltd. is a leader in the homewares category. The key brands under the Hamilton umbrella include Milton, Treo, SpotZero & Claro. Milton, one of the iconic brands in the consumer goods space, has been at the forefront of innovations in categories as diverse as casseroles, insulated and non-insulated water bottles & water jugs, PET, melamine, insulated steel flasks and more. With the largest range of trendy glass-ware, ceramic-ware, opel-ware and non-stick aluminium cookware range, Treo has established itself as the leader in premium Kitchenware and tableware segment. Treo products fulfill all the requirements pertaining to cooking, baking, serving and storing food and ingredients. The range is an all-imported one with superior quality products produced globally over 20 different countries from America, Europe, Middle-East and Asia – making it the perfect choice for the contemporary Indian consumer who desires to upgrade to newer lifestyle choices."
Sona Comstar,4.2,(304 Reviews),Public,Gurgaon + 7 more,28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sona BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. is among the leaders in Precision Forging technology in India. With a joint venture between Sona Holding and Mitsubishi Materials Corporation, it began its commercial production in 1998.
With a market share of over 80%, the company is engaged in the manufacturing of Precision Forged (net-shaped) Bevel Gears, Differential Case Assemblies and other driveline components for Automotive and other applications.
Sona BLW caters to majorly all automotive segments which include Passenger Vehicles, Commercial Vehicles, Tractors &Off Highways. SONA BLW customers in this area include virtually all of the well-known automotive manufacturers.
We ensure that our factories have cutting-edge technology and equipment for these demanding tasks. Our precision forged components provide the optimum combination of the functional requirements which modern high-performance drivelines place on component design and safety, whilst maximizing quality and minimizing cost."
Mitsubishi Elect...,4.3,(521 Reviews),Private,"Chiyoda City,Tokyo + 32 more",102 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Mitsubishi Electric Group’s corporate mission is to continually improve its technologies and services by applying creativity to all aspects of its business. By doing so, we enhance the quality of life in our society. Mitsubishi Electric has established itself as a leader in the manufacture and sales of electric and electronic equipment used in Energy and Electric Systems, Industrial Automation, Information and Communication Systems, Electronic Devices, and Home Appliances."
Autoliv,4.0,(303 Reviews),Private,"Klarabergsviadukten 70,Stockholm + 10 more",70 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Autoliv, Inc. is the worldwide leader in automotive safety systems, and through our subsidiaries we develop, manufacture and market protective systems, such as airbags, seatbelts, steering wheels and pedestrian protection systems for all major automotive manufacturers in the world. Our products save over 30,000 lives each year and prevent ten times as many severe injuries. Our close to 67,000 employees in 27 countries are passionate about our vision of Saving More Lives and quality is at the heart of everything we do. We have 14 technical centers, with 19 test tracks.  In the world of automotive occupant safety, we were the first to introduce the two- and three-point seat belt system and airbags for front and side impacts. We were also the first to launch pyrotechnic belt pretensioners and pedestrian protection systems."
ERA Group,3.6,(303 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 35 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Era Group comprises of number of companies as depicted herein after. With its corporate set up at New Delhi, the Group operates across the fastest, synergistic and most exciting business segments in Indian economy. Catering to the immense infrastructure needs of a growing nation, and riding on this growth, the company is strategically positioned across fastest-growing verticals in infrastructure sector, like, Construction & Contracts, EPC, Equipment Management, Pre-engineered buildings, Real Estate, Hospitality & Entertainment."
Practo,3.2,(303 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 18 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Practo offers a web-based platform which benefits both patients and doctors. Practo search enables patients to browse through doctor profiles online and book confirmed appointments. They provide a subscription-based SaaS product called Practo Ray that doctors and clinics can use to manage their practice efficiently. The company has launched diagnostics search feature that includes high-quality photographs and filters. Consumers can manage their reports and medical data using the Practo app. They have launched a chat based telemedicine platform. The users can order medicine online using the platform. The platform also offers reputation management solution for doctors.
Onshore Construc...,4.0,(303 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 23 more",28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Onshore Construction Company Pvt. Ltd (OCCPL) was formed in the year 1995 by Mr. Belle Seetharam Shetty, Chairman & Managing Director, with a vision to build a large scale client-centric company in the construction industry.

OCCPL has executed over 250 projects in the core construction sectors all over the county and abroad. Being an ISO certified company and strength in resource allocation, OCCPL is not only surging ahead in core sectors but getting involved in revolutionary projects. In just over two decades, OCCPL has turned out to be a trusted name with clients and consultants."
Carlsberg,4.2,(303 Reviews),Private,"Vesterbro,Copenhagen + 48 more",176 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Carlsberg Group is one of the leading brewery groups in the world, with a large portfolio of beer and other beverage brands. Our flagship brand – Carlsberg – is one of the best-known beer brands in the world and the Baltika, Carlsberg and Tuborg brands are among the eight biggest brands in Europe. More than 40,000 people work for the Carlsberg Group, and our products are sold in more than 150 markets. Under the purpose of ‘Brewing for a Better Today and Tomorrow’, we recently launched the ambitious sustainability programme, Together Towards ZERO. Learn more about us on www.carlsberggroup.com."
PropTiger.com,4.2,(696 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 13 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"PropTiger.com is an online real estate advisor that functions on the fundamentals of trust, transparency and expertise. As a digital marketplace with an exhaustive range of property listings, we know it is easy to get lost. At PropTiger.com, we guide home buyers right from the start of their home search to the very end. Browse through more than 139,000 verified real estate properties with accurate lowdown on amenities, neighborhoods and cities, and genuine pictures. Shortlist your favorite homes and allow us to arrange site visits. Our work does not end here. We assist you with home loans and property registrations. Buying a home is an important investment – turn it into your safest, best deal at PropTiger.com."
Varthana,4.4,(302 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 50 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Varthana, started in 2013, is the largest school finance company in India. Varthana aims to meet the needs of affordable private school owners by providing loan capital so they can expand their infrastructure, invest in teacher-training, and introduce new learning methods into their classrooms. We are also one of the fastest growing student loan companies in India helping students to pursue their higher education dreams.

Varthana partners with those education entrepreneurs who have a sense of urgency about improving access to quality education in low-income communities. These entrepreneurs are usually (not always) ex-educators themselves, who have spent time teaching children in the neighborhood and have then slowly expanded to start a school. They are driven by their mission to provide a robust education, often far superior to the government alternatives.

Loans are typically used to either improve the quality or expand the capacity of the school."
TO THE NEW,4.1,(302 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 4 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"TO THE NEW is a digital technology company providing digital transformation and product engineering services to ISVs, Consumer Internet, and large enterprises across the globe. We design & build digital platforms and products with Cloud and Data at the focal point. TO THE NEW is amongst the fastest-growing technology companies globally with a CAGR of 50% since 2017. Established in 2008, our passionate team of 1400+ “Newers” is spread across delivery centres in New Delhi, Dubai, and New Jersey. TO THE NEW has been a consistent winner of the “Great Place to Work” award since 2015 and ranked #47 in the top 100 companies in India to work for in 2019."
Kissht Finance,4.0,(302 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 53 more",8 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Kissht is a one of its kind digitally enabled platform operated by Onemi Technology Solutions Private Limited with a vision to provide speedy and hassle free credit financing to its customers across India.

Onemi Technology Solutions Pvt. Ltd. came into existence in the year 2015 with an aim to open up new vistas in consumer credit financing for online as well as offline purchases using the latest technology as an aid. Our constant efforts to financially empower our customers led us to being present across various segments of business like Instant Cash, Personal Loan, Digital EMI Card, Consumer Durable Loans, Online shopping across more than 50k+ affiliated partners like Amazon, Flipkart , Caratlane , Make My Trip , Uber and many more.

Onemi Technologies is engaged in the business of merchant acquisition / tie-ups, development of credit gateway technology, assessing the credit worthiness of the customer using its proprietary software and algorithm and credit marketplace platform for provisioning of instant consumer loans through our financing partners whereas the entire credit assessment, KYC processing, credit approval, financing of consumer loans for purchase of goods and services from online as well as offline channels and the collection of EMI’s from the customers of Onemi Technology Solutions Pvt. Ltd. is taken care by Si Creva Capital Services Pvt. Ltd and its other financing partners."
DHL Global Forwa...,4.2,(2.2k Reviews),Private,Bonn + 18 more,208 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Today’s customers are always on the go and want their products faster and cheaper than ever before. Global interconnectedness is growing. That’s why you need a powerful, international network to manage your supply chain.

With 380,000 people in over 220 countries and territories worldwide, we’re reaching more people than ever. And, as we’re already thinking about what the world in 2050 might look like, we’re preparing for the logistics challenges that lie ahead.

Because we’re not only delivering packages. It’s our goal to bring joy and prosperity to the people we serve. Everywhere. Every day."
CMC,4.1,(301 Reviews),Public,"Bhopal,Madhya Pradesh + 48 more",55 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"CMC is now part of the $100 billion Tata Group, Asia's largest global software services company with over 12,000 employees worldwide. Prior to the merger, Tata Consultancy Services Limited (TCS Ltd) was a strategic partner of CMC and worked to target the global market with additional offerings that leveraged the combined strengths of both companies."
Value Point Syst...,3.8,(301 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 33 more,32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Welcome to Value Point Systems, one of the leading complete IT Infrastructure Services companies in South Asia. We are a global System Integrator with expertise in providing end-to-end IT Infrastructure solutions and services, with best in class technology partnerships. Headquartered in Bengaluru, India, Value point Systems is one of its Top 50 IT companies and one amongst the Top 5 Tier-II Systems Integrators having pan India presence. Built on the foundation of trust, commitment & mutual respect, this leading global IT Infrastructure provider has a team of thought leaders who are committed in ensuring customer‐centric approaches. This guarantees lasting experiences & sustainable relationships. We have been delivering innovative, optimum, effective solutions and services to over 15,000 large enterprises and SMEs including Fortune 500 customers for over 28 years, worldwide."
Vaaman Engineers,3.9,(301 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 24 more,33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1990, Vaaman Engineers provides comprehensive industrial services Pan-India to a wide range of industry sectors – Steel Plants, Zinc and Aluminium Smelters, Cast House including Ingot Casting & Wire Rod Mills, Power Transmission Conductors, Transmission & Telecom Tower Fabrication Industry, Specialised Port Facilities, Bulk Material Handling in Mines and Plants.Our outreach has spread across India with suite of services including Operation & Maintenance, Shut Down Maintenance, Bulk Material Handling from Zinc Ore, Coal and Alumina Handling at Ports, Finished Goods Handling, Material Handling Equipment Hiring, Project services such as Fabrication & Erection of Structures, Piping, Pipe Racks etc., Equipment Erection and Commission."
Continental,4.2,(1.3k Reviews),Private,Hanover + 34 more,152 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Founded in 1871, Continental is a multinational company which manufactures safe, efficient, and performance-oriented tires for passenger cars, commercial vehicles, and two-wheelers. We are one of the foremost leaders in tire technology and tire production, with a broad product range suitable for use in a variety of conditions and applications. And through continuous investment in research and development, Continental makes a significant contribution to mobility that's secure, cost-effective, and ecologically friendly."
Sudarshan Chemic...,3.6,(300 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 16 more",72 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sudarshan has specialized in colors and chemicals for over 60 years and has acquired a strong position in the color business in India. With over 35% market share they are the largest pigment supplier, among both Indian and MNC’s, in the fastest growing economy in the world. Sudarshan manufactures an extensive range of Organic, Inorganic and Pearlescent pigments and dispersions catering to the Coatings, Plastics, Inks and Cosmetics Industries worldwide. The product offerings of Sudarshan's recognized brands include Sudaperm, Sudafast, Sudacolor, Sudadur, Sudatex, Sudafine, Sumica and Sumicos"
NetConnectGlobal,3.7,(300 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 37 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NetConnect Global is a leading technology and service partner to Global Captive Centers. We are the go-to partner for digital transformation for all our clients, from giant corporations to the top innovators in every industry. Our goal is to make a good business effect that will enable our employees, clients, and partners to pursue any opportunity. 

We provide more than 25 years of expertise in forming IT collaborations. We are committed to the cause of harnessing technology, innovation, and enterprise to have a positive impact on the world and the environment.  

People Planet Progress is the guiding principle behind everything NCG does."
Greenlam Industr...,4.0,(300 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 45 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Greenlam Industries is the force behind globally-acclaimed brands such as Decowood, Mikasa, NewMika, Greenlam Clads, Greenlam Sturdo and the top laminate brand in india - Greenlam. A powerhouse in providing high-quality surface solutions that are designed to transform and beautify residential and commercial spaces, Greenlam Industries has an exhaustive portfolio of products which constantly features new and exclusive designs, styles and patterns. Manufactured in compliance with the highest quality benchmarks, our products cater to diverse requirements, promising unmatched value and appeal, no matter the application."
TriGeo Technolog...,3.0,(300 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 4 more",27 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Science has transcended the boundaries of today’s world. Enterprises worldwide have harnessed the power of engineering and geospatial technology to provide innovation, integrity and excellence to operations in myriad fields, from reverse engineering to navigation systems. The challenges of today require that one keeps pace with ever-changing technologies and respond to the demand for a competitive edge, cost-effective productivity, quality services and meeting deadlines."
Clarivate Analyt...,3.9,(320 Reviews),Public,"Philadelphia,Pennsylvania + 8 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Clarivate Analytics is a global leader in providing trusted insights and analytics to accelerate the pace of innovation. Our vision is to improve the way the world creates, protects and advances innovation.

To achieve this, we deliver critical data, information, workflow solutions and deep domain expertise to innovators everywhere. We are a trusted, indispensable global partner to our customers, including universities, nonprofits, funding organizations, publishers, corporations, government organizations and law firms."
BDO India LLP,3.8,(299 Reviews),LLP,New Delhi + 15 more,50 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"BDO is an international network of accounting, tax, and advisory firms which perform professional services to clients throughout the country and around the globe. The local knowledge of network member firms combined with the international expertise and strength of our network ensures effective and efficient service delivery to all our clients in every country where BDO is represented.

The BDO story is an amazing one. At the end of 2018, our global organization has grown to include 80,000 people working out of 162 countries & territories who’ve generated revenues of US$9 billion. Our past achievements continue to be a strong foundation for us, but the world is changing, and we must focus now on defining our future and becoming the BDO of tomorrow – today. This year’s GLOBAL REVIEW aims to demonstrate and clarify how we’re going about achieving this. 

BDO India builds on foundations of quality and a business-focused & result-oriented approach to servicing clients. Our Partners are reputed to being subject & industry experts and take pride in a work culture that is both client-centric and knowledge-driven.

Our expertise lies in developing innovative, business-oriented solutions delivered consistently to clients across industries and borders. As the Indian regulatory landscape has many complexities, we try to break down and prioritize requirements to propose business-friendly and dynamic solutions to clients.

With integrity at the core, we bring together global best practices tailored to address local compliance needs through focused advisory & efficient execution."
Alight Solutions,3.8,(299 Reviews),Private,Lincolnshire + 11 more,27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Alight Solutions is a leading provider of integrated benefits, payroll and cloud solutions. With more than 15,000 professionals across 29 countries, Alight provides leading-edge benefits administration and ERP technology and services to more than 3,250 clients including 50% of the Fortune 500. Alight’s combination of data-driven insights and technology expertise creates unique value for clients. Alight is a six-time member of IAOP’s Global Outsourcing 100. Learn how Alight drives better business outcomes and employee wellbeing for organizations of all sizes at alight.com."
Unimoni,3.9,(299 Reviews),Private,"Abu Dhabi,Dubai + 78 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Unimoni Global Business Services (GBS) complements the worldwide operations of Unimoni, a leading global provider of money transfer, foreign exchange, payments and credit solutions.Incorporated in India in the year 2006, Unimoni GBS was formerly known as XM Software Solutions Private Limited, and presently provides extended support services to associate companies under the Unimoni global network. At Unimoni GBS, we aim to deliver business excellence, increased agility and improved performance through a complete suite of shared services that benefit our group"
QUICK HEAL TECHN...,3.9,(298 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 33 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Quick Heal Technologies Ltd. (Formerly Known as Quick Heal Technologies Pvt. Ltd.) is one of the leading IT security solutions company. Each Quick Heal product is designed to simplify IT security management across the length and depth of devices and on multiple platforms. They are customized to suit consumers, small businesses, Government establishments and corporate houses.
Over a span of 26 years the company's R&D has focused on computer and network security solutions. The current portfolio of cloud-based security and advanced machine learning enabled solutions stop threats, attacks and malicious traffic before it strikes. This considerably reduces the system resource usage. The security solutions are indigenously developed in India. Quick Heal Antivirus Solutions, Quick Heal Scan Engine and the entire range of Quick Heal products are proprietary items of Quick Heal Technologies Ltd. (Formerly Known as Quick Heal Technologies Pvt. Ltd.)"""
Medica Superspec...,3.5,(298 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 17 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Medica Hospitals, one of the most reputed and leading healthcare chains in eastern India today, has built and managed a number of Multispecialty and Superspecialty healthcare facilities across the region over the past few years.Beginning its journey with Medica North Bengal Clinic (MNBC) in Siliguri in 2008, the Group launched its flagship Hospital – Medica Superspecialty Hospital (MSH) – in Kolkata in 2010. Soon after Medica Cancer Hospital in Rangapani, Siliguri, fulfilled the dire need of a comprehensive cancer facility in North Bengal, and the trust hospital R.C. Agarwal Memorial run by Medica in Tinsukia brought quality multispecialty healthcare to Assam.Medica tied-up with Tata Steel in 2014 to run the operations of Kantilal Gandhi Memorial Hospital (an existing unit in Jharkhand) and with the Jain Samaj for Bhagwan Mahavir Medica Superspecialty Hospital (a new venture in Ranchi). Tata Steel Medica Hospital in Kalinganagar, Odisha, began operations in 2015. In 2017 Medica stepped into Bihar with a specialized heart care unit, Medica Heart Institute, Patna, providing comprehensive heart care services in the region. The Group has recently stepped into Burdwan with Bengal Faith Medica Hospital and is set to launch its second unit in Odisha with a multispecialty hospital in the seaside town of Gopalpur."
Blue Yonder,4.3,(298 Reviews),Private,"Scottsdale,Arizona + 8 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Blue Yonder, we're helping some of the biggest companies in the world modernize their supply chain using the cloud, artificial intelligence, and machine learning. Built to fulfill customer demand with immediacy, personalization, and convenience, our solutions orchestrate and optimize inventory and labor from end-to-end in real-time, while creating amazing customer experiences. With Blue Yonder, you can deliver to your customers when, how and where they want it using the world's #1 digital fulfillment platform."
HCG Hospital,3.9,(297 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 26 more",34 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Healthcare Global Enterprises Ltd (HCG), India’s largest provider of cancer care is at the forefront of the battle against cancer. Through its network of 20 comprehensive cancer centers spread across India, HCG has brought advanced cancer care to the doorstep of millions of people.

We are committed to creating an environment that fosters professional and personal achievements of every person who crosses the threshold of our centre. And by sharing these achievements across the network, the accomplishments of each centre, each physician and each hospital are further heightened. Ultimately, our patients are the beneficiaries of these achievements - every accomplishment brings us one step closer to our ultimate goal of longer, better lives for cancer patients and their families.

HCG has grown rapidly and is now a leader in cancer care, managing a network of 19 cancer care centres pan India. Each centre is provided with a business system, management expertise and capital resources to bring patient-focused, state-of-the-art cancer care to new regions."
Delta Electronic...,3.9,(297 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 30 more",31 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"""Delta, founded in 1971, is a global provider of power and thermal management solutions. Its mission statement, """"To provide innovative, clean and energy-efficient solutions for a better tomorrow,"""" focuses on addressing key environmental issues such as global climate change. As an energy-saving solutions provider with core competencies in power electronics and automation, Delta's business categories include Power Electronics, Automation, and Infrastructure.

Delta offers some of the most energy efficient power products in the industry, including switching power supplies with efficiency over 90%, telecom power with up to 98%, and PV inverters with up to 99.2% efficiency. We have also developed the world‘s first server power supply certified as 80 Plus Titanium. Headquartered in Taiwan, we regularly invest 6% to 7% of our annual sales revenues in R&D and have worldwide R&D facilities in China, Europe, Japan, Singapore, Thailand, and the U.S. 

Delta is a frequent recipient of international awards and related recognition for innovation, design, and corporate social responsibility. Since 2011, Delta has been selected each year for the prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability™ World Index (DJSI World). In 2019, we were also included in the DJSI Emerging Markets Index for the 7th consecutive year. Delta was ranked by CDP (formerly the Climate Disclosure Project) at the Climate Change Leadership Level.

In response to the challenge of climate change, Delta will remain committed to the research and development of innovative, energy-saving products, solutions and services that contributing substantially to the sustainable development of mankind."""
Quantiphi Analyt...,3.8,(297 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 7 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Quantiphi is an award-winning applied AI and big data software and services company driven by the desire to solve transformational problems at the heart of business. Its signature approach combines deep industry experience, disciplined cloud and data-engineering practices and cutting-edge Machine Learning research to achieve quantifiable impact at unprecedented speed."
MOURI Tech,4.0,(297 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,Texas + 5 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MOURI Tech has had a milestone-rich journey. It was established in 2005, and in its youthful voyage of sixteen years, has evolved into a trusted enterprise solution provider for some of the most formidable names from various industries across the globe. 

Our talent pool consists of a highly skilled and experienced workforce delivering consistent service excellence to customers across industries globally. 

Headquartered in Dallas, Texas (USA), MOURI Tech has a Delivery COE in India and offices across five continents. We are a CMMI-DEV/5 certified organization offering a wide range of IT services that cater to the digital needs of businesses of today and tomorrow."
Descon Engineeri...,4.1,(297 Reviews),Private,Lahore + 18 more,46 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The journey began forty one years ago, in a five hundred square feet office space at Lahore’s historical WAPDA house. We had a vision to embark on a journey to create Pakistan’s leading engineering enterprise. Over the years, the spirit of our founders inspired our people to not just achieve the ordinary but the extraordinary. This belief became the foundation of Pakistan’s leading multinatinal conglomerate; Descon.
Descon’s global presence spreads across United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Oman and Qatar from where new ventures are executed in Kuwait, Iraq and Egypt. The development and manufacturing of industrial process equipment and piping spool takes effect from our state-of-the-art plant. The strength of our experienced project team carrying operations have the essential ISO, OHSAS and ASME certifications in addition to our own QA & QC and HSE standards.
Today, Descon owns and operates chemical and power plants, with allied interests in inspection and testing. Descon Chemicals Business comprises of Descon Oxychem Limited. Our Power Business takes shape in the form of Descon Power Solutions (DPS), providing power plant operations and maintenance (O&M) services for thermal and renewable power plants in Pakistan. Descon also owns two Independent Power Plants (IPPs), Altern Energy Limited, 32 MW gas based power plant and Rousch (Pakistan) Power Limited, a 450 MW combined cycle power plant."
Marelli,3.9,(296 Reviews),Private,"Corbetta,Corbetta + 10 more",104 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"MARELLI is one of the world’s leading global independent suppliers to the automotive sector.

With a strong and established track record in innovation and manufacturing excellence, our mission is to transform the future of mobility through working with customers and partners to create a safer, greener and better-connected world.

With around 58,000 employees worldwide, the MARELLI footprint includes 170 facilities and R&D centers across Asia, the Americas, Europe, and Africa, generating revenues of 1,266 Billion JPY (10.4 Billion EUR) in 2020."
Telesonic Networ...,3.9,(296 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 38 more",14 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),Telesonic Networksis a wholly owned subsidiary of bharti airtellimited.Telesonicprovides end to end wire line network management and transformation to next generation wire line and wireless technologies with innovative cost effective solutions.
IDBI Intech,3.8,(296 Reviews),Private,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 18 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IDBI Intech Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of IDBI Bank, established in 2000. It provides IT related services in the area of Consultancy, System Integration, System implementation & support, Applications & Server hosting and other IT related managed services and specialized training"
Soma Enterprises,4.1,(296 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 44 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Soma Enterprise Ltd is a Rs.25,000 million ($ 555.56 million) infrastructure solutions company, engaged in the construction and development of core infrastructure projects. These projects are spread across sectors like transportation, hydel power, urban infrastructure and water resources, among others. The Company is presently managing an order book in excess of Rs.1,51,840 million ($ 3374.22 million) comprising over 25 projects of national importance across 13 different states."
CIEL HR,4.2,(296 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 53 more",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"CIEL means sky in French. For us, it’s the peak of excellence that we strive to achieve as we fulfill your talent needs and meet career aspirations of candidates.

Leveraging new technologies such as machine learning, CIEL is at the forefront of the industry and finds the right candidates at a pace matching the requirements of the employer companies. CIEL combines the power of its subject matter expertise with the geographic spread over 70+ offices and the experience of its team while delivering the best solutions for its client companies. CIEL is among the Largest Staffing Companies in India at 8th place by revenues and as per the report by Staffing Industry Analyst (SIA) published in Feb 2021 is at No.1 in terms of Geo spread.
 
CIEL won the Great Place to Work-Certification for the 3rd time in a row. Our team has remained passionate and committed to the core values of the company: Growth, Professionalism, Dignity and Diversity. CIEL is an ISO 9001:2015 certified company and committed to stakeholder satisfaction through continual improvements in its quality management system. #GetTheBestOutofUs is its spirit."
IndianMoney.com,2.8,(296 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 11 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"In early 2008 Mr. C S Sudheer (Founder of IndianMoney.com) happened to meet an auto driver while working in a top MNC Broking house. The auto driver told him that one of the sales persons from his organization has sold him an insurance policy promising that ""If you pay Rs 25,000 once, you will get back Rs 1 lakh after 3 years""​.Mr. Sudheer knew there was no such policy available. When he read the policy document he realized that it was a Regular Premium ULIP policy, where customer has to pay Rs 25,000 each for 3 years. Based on the market performance, customer ""might""​ get back Rs 50,000 or Rs 75,000 or Rs 1 lakh after 3 years."
Wipro Digital,3.8,(296 Reviews),Private,"Brooklyn,New York + 17 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We dream, design, and deliver people-centered and human-shaped experiences for a digital world. Are you a pi-shaped person, combining design with engineering, strategy with design or engineering with strategy? If so, let's talk.

We are an innovation-led, digital transformation partner built for today’s digital challenges. We focus on the things that matter - the insights, the interactions, the integrations, and innovations that make extraordinary things happen for brands, businesses and their customers. We build multi-disciplinary teams combining strategy, design and technology experts oriented around the customer and their journey."
Sulzer,3.9,(295 Reviews),Private,"Winterthur,Winterthur + 11 more",189 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sulzer Ltd. is a Swiss industrial engineering and manufacturing firm, founded by Salomon Sulzer-Bernet in 1775 and established as Sulzer Brothers Ltd. in 1834 in Winterthur, Switzerland. Today it is a publicly traded company with international subsidiaries. The company's shares are listed on the Swiss Stock Exchange."
Williams Lea Tag,3.8,(295 Reviews),Public,New York + 10 more,203 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Williams Lea is the leading global provider of skilled business-critical support services to financial, legal and professional services firms.From our humble beginnings as a print shop in London, to our position today as a global outsourcing leader, our business is built on a strong heritage, great relationships and a talented team.We are experts in delivering efficient business processes in complex and highly regulated environments. We connect people, processes and technology to manage documents and streamline key back office functions. Empowered by a global workforce, our strength is unparalleled and helps improve efficiency, increase effectiveness and reduce risk for our clients."
PC Jewellers,3.8,(295 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 58 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"PC Jeweller is India's leading fine jewellery discovery platform focusing on giving YOU an awesome jewellery buying experience. At PC Jeweller we strive to provide you the largest collection of curated designs for every occasion. We are not just selling jewellery, but an unparalleled jewellery buying experience at your fingertips! Shining bright with a young team focused on innovation, customer happiness and transparency, PC Jeweller addresses the growing demands of today's always on-the-go consumers to discover, explore, buy and know more about their jewellery. Our policies provide easy returns, free shipping, BIS Hallmark, 100% certified jewellery, life-time exchange, best and transparent prices and unique designs all under one roof"
Giesecke & Devri...,4.0,(295 Reviews),Private,Munich + 38 more,171 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Giesecke+Devrient is a global company that offers security technologies, both in the physical and digital world. Every day, billions of people benefit from G+D innovations in their personal and business lives. With around 11,600 employees across 32 countries, we develop, manufacture, and distribute products and solutions for the safeguarding of payment processes, identities, connectivity, and data."
Online Legal Ind...,4.9,(295 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 2 more",4 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are Online Legal India, one of the most trusted online legal service provider platforms in India, committed to providing the best solutions for all your legal, compliance, and tax needs.

Online Legal India has evolved to become the preferred solution for all your legal and compliance needs of over 1 lakh+ happy clients since 2019!

Among the range of services we provide, the following are the most popular:

·         Filing Consumer Complaints

·         FSSAI, Shops & Establishments, Import Export Code, and
other licences

·         All forms of company incorporation and registration

·         GST Filings and Registration

·        Trademark and Patent Registration

·        Taxation services

Visit onlinelegalindia.com today, or download our mobile app from the Google Playstore or Apple Appstore to avail of one (or more) of our services."
Prime Focus Tech...,3.6,(295 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 11 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Prime Focus Technologies (PFT) is the creator of Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software, CLEAR™ for the Media & Entertainment (M&E) industry. It offers broadcasters, studios, brands and service providers transformational solutions that help them lower their Total Cost of Operations (TCOP) by automating the supply chain and managing their business of content better.

PFT works with major M&E companies like Channel 4, Turner, PBS, Walt Disney-owned Star TV, Hearst, CBS Television Studios, 20th Century Fox Television Studios, Lionsgate, Starz Media (a Lionsgate company), Showtime, A+E Networks, Complex Networks, HBO, IFC Films, FX Networks, Miramax, CNBC Africa, TERN International, Sony Music, Google, YouTube, Novi Digital – Hotstar, Amazon, HOOQ, Viacom’s Voot, Cricket Australia, BCCI, Indian Premier League and The Associated Press.

PFT is the technology subsidiary of Prime Focus, the global leader in M&E industry services."
N.C.L. Industrie...,4.1,(295 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 40 more",43 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Genesis of NCL Industries Limited can be traced to the Golden Era of entrepreneurial development in Andhra Pradesh (pre-bifurcation) of the early 1980’s. This period marked the emergence of a number of individual entrepreneurs whose fledgling enterprises evolved into well-established industrial groups.Nagarjuna Cement Limited, as the Company was known then, established a mini cement plant at Mattapalli in Nalgonda (now Suryapet) District to augment the supply of scarce cement with relatively low investment. This turned out to be a resounding success. The cement produced under the brand name ‘Nagarjuna’ established a premium image in the coastal districts of Andhra Pradesh. The company expanded the capacity of the cement plant in stages. Starting with a modest capacity of 200 TPD, the company has now grown to a level of >8000 TPD, spread over two locations.The product range of Cement Division includes Portland Pozzolana Cement (PPC), Ordinary Portland Cement (OPC) and Special Cement for manufacture of Railway Sleepers.NCL also has a Ready Mix Concrete Division, which supplies ready mix concrete of dependable quality, using ‘Nagarjuna’ cement, and ensuring reliable quality. The total number of RMC units now stands at four - two each in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, catering to markets adjacent to the cities of Hyderabad and Visakhapatnam."
Licious,3.9,(294 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 26 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Licious, operated by Delightful Gourmet Pvt. Ltd, is India’s leading gourmet meat brand. Headquartered in Bangalore and recently expanded to Hyderabad and NCR.

Licious was launched in September 2015 by Abhay Hanjura and Vivek Gupta who sensed a huge business opportunity in offering prime quality meat products that was otherwise dominated by the unhygienic and unreliable wet market followed by frozen meat options which is an unpopular workaround for Indian consumers. Licious follows an end-to-end business based on the hub and spoke model that starts from procuring the fresh produce to processing, storage and delivery. 

Through this entire supply chain, the freshness and nutritional content of the meat is strictly maintained till the delivery at the doorstep of the consumer.  Licious was started with the aim of satisfying customers with world class meat, fish, seafood and meat based products (Spreads , soups & pickles) . Powered by technology, Licious delivers within 120 minutes of ordering through either the web site or the Licious app."
Vizag Steel,4.2,(294 Reviews),Public,"Visakhapatnam/Vizag,Andhra Pradesh + 14 more",52 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited, the corporate entity of Visakhapatnam Steel Plant is a Navaratna PSE under the Ministry of Steel. Visakhapatnam Steel Plant fondly called Vizag steel. It is the first shore based Integrated Steel Plant in the country and is known for its quality products delighting the customers. It is a market leader in long products and it caters to the needs of diverse Industrial sectors. It is the first Steel plant to be certified ISO 9001:2008 (presently2015), ISO 14001:2004 (presently2015), OHSAS 18001:2007 and ISO/IEC 27001:2013 Standards. It is also the first PSE to be certified ISO 50001:2011 - Energy Management Systems and has acquired CMMI Level 3 Certification for s/w development."
Hsbc Technology,4.0,(294 Reviews),Private,London + 6 more,158 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Our Technology, Operations and Services teams are the engine that drives HSBC, making the bank simpler, better and faster for our customers and colleagues. We offer a broad range of career opportunities.

The role of Technology, Operations and Services is to:

-Develop software and applications to improve HSBC’s customer experience
-Manage the bank’s IT systems, infrastructure and support
-Run customer operations and help manage change across the bank
-Implement major strategic transformation programmes
-Provide professional services such as procurement and real estate management

HSBC Technology is a global team of technologists whose purpose is to transform the world’s banking experience. We use technology to power the world’s leading international bank, enabling simpler, better and faster banking, while keeping people’s money safe and their data secure. It’s our job to build the platforms and partnerships that affect millions of people each day. Find out more about careers in Technology.

Operations is one of the largest global functions in HSBC. Our global team of more than 30,000 colleagues in 52 countries and territories manages the delivery of services for customers, including 1.7 trillion payments a year. Operations is using technology and innovation to transform the way we work and make our customers’ lives easier. Read more about careers in Operations.

Global Procurement plays a fundamental role in the day-to-day provision of goods and services for the HSBC Group. Our primary focus is to deliver commercial value through all areas of procurement worldwide. We work closely with other parts of HSBC to provide leadership of the bank’s third-party supplier relationships.

CRE manages HSBC’s property portfolio for the benefit of our businesses, customers and colleagues and is responsible for a network of around 4,500 buildings in 64 countries and territories. We manage everything from data centres and offices to retail outlets and residences. Our mission is to ensure that customers and colleagues on HSBC premises benefit from a safe, well-managed environment.

The COO Office manages risk and administration activities for operational areas across HSBC, provides leadership and guidance that enables us to fulfil our business risk, control and operational support responsibilities, and ensures excellence in the delivery of our services."
Prama Hikvision ...,3.5,(294 Reviews),Private,Hangzhou + 37 more,14 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"PRAMA HIKVISION INDIA PVT. LTD. has made a name for itself in the list of top service providers of Surveillance Equipment ,Audio Video CD & DVD in India. PRAMA HIKVISION INDIA PVT. LTD. is listed in Trade India's list of verified companies offering wide array of Ds-2cc572p Hik Vision ,PoE NVR (DS-7616/NI-ST(SP) ,2MP Low-Light Network Camera etc. Contact here for Surveillance Equipment ,Audio Video CD & DVD in Mumbai, Maharashtra."
Quislex Legal Se...,4.0,(294 Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 3 more",19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"QuisLex is an award-winning legal services provider that specializes in delivering the benefits of operational excellence, process rigor, and measurable quality to large-scale, complex legal work, leading to an unmatched combination of quality and cost-effectiveness.
Since its founding in 2004, QuisLex has been a pioneer in the legal services industry. Delivering expertise and innovation in managed document review, contract and compliance management, legal spend management, and legal operations, we have consistently solved the challenges of resource constraints, cost management, flexibility, and scale for our corporate and law firm clients."
Trigent Software,3.8,(294 Reviews),Private,"Southborough,Massachusetts + 20 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Trigent is an early pioneer in IT outsourcing and offshore software development business. We enable organizations adopt digital processes and customer engagement models to achieve outstanding results and end-user experience. We help clients achieve this through enterprise-wide digital transformation, modernization, and optimization of their IT environment. Trigent’s decades of experience, deep domain knowledge, and technology expertise delivers transformational solutions to ISVs, enterprises, and SMBs.
We offer end to end consulting services, design, development and managed services across Infrastructure, Cloud, Mobility, BI, Analytics, Product Engineering, QA & Testing, IoT, Big Data, and Artificial Intelligence.
Our track record speaks of our success; having developed more than 400 products many of which are deployed in record time in both large and small companies. We work with the same care and diligence to make each of our engagement a success, one at a time, small or large."
Aurigo,4.9,(294 Reviews),Private,"Austin,Texas + 2 more",20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Aurigo is an American technology company founded in 2003 with a mission to help public sector agencies and facility owners plan, deliver and maintain their capital projects and assets safely and efficiently. After helping customers across North America use our software to solve their planning and portfolio management needs for nearly 10 years, we expanded our product suite to manage the full construction lifecycle including critical processes related to safety, quality, maintenance and business operations.  Our award-winning Aurigo Masterworks Cloud software is now the industry-leading solution for both public and private agencies funding and maintaining large capital, infrastructure and facilities investments. We are a privately held U.S. corporation proudly headquartered in Austin, Texas, with software development and support centers in Canada and India.

Aurigo is the top choice for over 300 customers across North America. Our deep industry expertise comes from working closely with cities, counties, states, utilities, light rail, transit authorities, airports and contractors over the past 15 years, helping them successfully plan and deliver over $300B of capital projects."
Sasken,3.8,(294 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 7 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sasken is a specialist in Product Engineering and Digital Transformation providing concept-to-market, chip-to-cognition R&D services to global leaders in Semiconductor, Automotive, Industrials, Smart Devices & Wearables, Enterprise Grade Devices, SatCom, and Transportation industries. For over 30 years and with multiple patents, Sasken has transformed the businesses of 100+ Fortune 500 companies, powering more than a billion devices through its services and IP.

Established in 1989, Sasken employs around 2000 people, operating from state-of-the-art centers in Bengaluru, Pune, Chennai and Hyderabad (India), Kaustinen and Tampere (Finland), Detroit (USA), and Beijing, Shanghai (China). Sasken also has its presence across Germany, Japan and UK. Sasken has been listed in the National Stock Exchange and Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. in Mumbai, India since its initial public offering in 2005."
Federal Mogul Go...,4.1,(294 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 24 more",69 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Federal-Mogul Goetze (India) Limited was established in 1954 as a joint venture with Goetze-Werke of Germany. 
Goetze-Werke of Germany is now owned by Federal-Mogul Corporation, a $6.3 billion global company and one of the leading manufacturers of automotive components in the world.

Federal-Mogul Goetze (India) Limited is the largest manufacturer of pistons and piston rings in India."
Labournet Servic...,3.9,(294 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 43 more",17 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"LabourNet is a social enterprise that enables sustainable livelihoods for men, women and youth in urban and rural areas. Our three-pronged engine integrates social and business impact by bridging the gaps in Education, Employment and Entrepreneurship.We focus on formalizing the informal by improving the socioeconomic status of people associated with unorganized value chain. This is achieved through skilling interventions, facilitating wage/ self-employment and entrepreneurship by bringing together all the stakeholders: large, small and medium enterprises, corporates, government, individuals and educational institutions."
Paramount Health...,3.9,(294 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 26 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Paramount Health Services & Insurance TPA Pvt. Ltd. (PHS) began its journey in 1996. In 2002, it acquired a license from Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA no: 006), to act as a TPA, when the concept of TPA was at a very nascent stage. Today, it is one of India’s leading Third Party Administrators (TPA).

PHS has created benchmarks in the industry with its focus on quality customer service and expertise in claims management with emphasis on checking fraud and abuse. It operates in 165+ locations in India touching many lives each day with its bouquet of services.

PHS' core services include:

Comprehensive Claims Management
Inbound call center
Health Portfolio Management
Pre-policy & Pre-employment check-ups
Indoor Hospitalization Assistance
Medical Second Opinion
Wellness programs
To its credit, PHS also handles Government Health Projects – BKKY (Odisha), Swasthya Sathi (West Bengal) & MJPJAY (Maharashtra)."
Audi,4.0,(304 Reviews),Private,"Ingolstadt,Bavaria + 45 more",114 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The AUDI AG stands for sporty vehicles, high build quality and progressive design – for “Vorsprung durch Technik.” The Audi Group is among the world’s leading producers of premium cars.

To play an instrumental role in shaping the transformation as we head into a new age of mobility the Company is implementing its strategy step by step."
Alfanar,4.4,(293 Reviews),Private,"Riyadh,Riyadh + 25 more",47 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"alfanar is primarily engaged in manufacturing electrical construction products, EPC solutions for conventional and renewable power plants, allied engineering services and design engineering. We have built up an international presence throughout much of the Middle East, Asia, Africa, and Europe."
NTT,4.1,(293 Reviews),"Melbourne,Victoria + 29 more",35 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"NTT Ltd. is a leading, global technology services company. We’re here to enable the connected future. Through the work we do with our clients and in our communities, we find ways that technology can make a positive impact. We call it technology for good. To help our clients achieve their digital transformation goals, we use our global capabilities, expertise, and full-stack technology services delivered through our integrated services platform. As their long-term strategic partner, we help them enhance customer and employee experience, transform their cloud strategy, modernize their networks and strengthen their cybersecurity. And across their transformation priorities, we automate their business processes and IT, drawing insights and analytics from their core business data. Together we do great things. We’re proud to be part of the global holding company under NTT, called NTT Incorporated (Inc.) Jun Sawada, current President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) for NTT, is also the CEO of NTT Inc."
National Bulk Ha...,4.1,(293 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 58 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NBHC is India's leading provider of integrated commodity and collateral management services, recognized for its World-Class Solutions, trusted Risk Management practices, high levels of Governance processes and best-in-industry practices for Procurement, Handling, Storage and upkeep of collateral and agri-commodities across all prominent business and trade centres in India.The company has established its strong leadership in integrated commodity and collateral management and all other allied services, viz. warehousing, collateral management, procurement & supply chain management, as well as quality assaying & certification, pest management & audit and surveillance & control.The world-class processes and services are a result of stringent and standardized best-practices that are followed by NBHC, making it the only such service provider in India to have three ISO accreditations and the prestigious membership of the UK-based GAFTA - which is regarded as the global benchmark for quality assaying of export-bound agri-produce.NBHC has a proven track record of successfully managing assets worth Rs 1,85,000+ crores for 54 banks as well as widest pan-India warehousing presence with more than 3000+ warehouses across 23 states - adding up to total of 65 million metric tonnes agri commodities under management. It has 45+ functional QA labs and 200 + mobile labs for quality testing of around 170 agri-commodities, as well as pest management services across 16 states."
Tata Internation...,4.0,(293 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 33 more",61 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tata International Limited [TIL] is a global trading and distribution company with a network of offices and subsidiaries spanning more than 39 countries in Africa, Asia, Europe and the Americas. As a member of the reputed business conglomerate the Tata Group, we pride ourselves in upholding the highest ethical standards in the way we conduct our businesses. Supported by a 7000+ strong employee base, we are strongly driven by customer centricity, and have, over the years, formed strategic alliances and partnerships with market leaders that have reinforced our role as preferred partners in international trade and business.
Our worldwide revenues of US $2.59 billion in FY19 have set us firmly on a path of sustained growth even as we continue to focus on value-added offerings for our customers, backed by strong compliance of global norms within the sectors in which we operate. We leverage our worldwide presence along with sourcing and marketing competencies to deliver what we promise to customers across our five key business verticals"
Advantmed,3.7,(293 Reviews),Private,"Santa Ana,California + 4 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in 2005 and based in Santa Ana, California, Advantmed, LLC is a healthcare information management company that helps health plans and managed care organizations optimize revenue and improve quality outcomes.

Advantmed partners with managed care organizations to deliver the optimal combination of capabilities unique to each organization needed to achieve the objectives, including risk analytics, software containing NCQA-certified HEDIS ® measures, medical record retrieval, medical record abstraction, risk adjustment coding and provider education."
Venky's,3.9,(293 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 53 more",47 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"The VH group was established in 1971, when motivated by his wife Late Smt. Uttaradevi Rao, our founder Chairman Late Padmashree Dr. B.V.Rao, fondly referred to as “The Father of the Indian Poultry Industry”, established Venkateshwara Hatcheries Pvt. Ltd. in Pune (India). Today the group is popularly known the world over as “Venky’s”. With a unique combination of expertise and experience and supported by strategic collaborations, the company diversified its activities to include SPF eggs, chicken and eggs processing, broiler and layer breeding, genetic research and Poultry diseases diagnostic, Poultry vaccines and feed supplements, vaccine production, bio-security products, Poultry feed & equipments, nutritional health products, soya bean extract and many more. Today the group is the largest fully integrated poultry group in Asia. The VH group today plays proud parent to a number of reputed organizations under its wide umbrella and successfully caters to poultry and its allied sectors.The pioneering efforts of the VH Group have been well rewarded with several national and international awards."
Eicher Motors,4.2,(2.8k Reviews),Public,Gurgaon + 59 more,41 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Eicher Motors Limited (EML)is the listed parent of Royal Enfield, the global leader in middleweight motorcycles. The world’s oldest motorcycle brand in continuous production, Royal Enfield has made its distinctive motorcycles since 1901. Focussed on bringing back simple, yet engaging and accessible motorcycling, Royal Enfield operates in India, and over 50 countries around the world. With modern development facilities in Leicestershire, UK and Chennai, India, Royal Enfield makes its motorcycles in Tamil Nadu for the world.

In addition to motorcycles, Eicher has a joint venture with Sweden’s AB Volvo - Volvo Eicher Commercial Vehicles Limited (VECV) - which is driving modernization in India's commercial vehicle space, and in other developing countries. VECV has a complete range of trucks and buses from 5-55 tonnes, and its integrated manufacturing plant in Pithampur, Madhya Pradesh is the global hub for medium duty five- and eight-litre engines for Volvo Group.
For the twelve months ended March 2019, Eicher Motors recorded its highest ever total income of INR crores 9797 crores (net of excise duty) (approx 1.4 USD). Eicher Motors is listed on the BSE and National Stock Exchange, and has been part of the NSE’s benchmark Nifty 50 Index since April 1, 2016."
Toyota,4.2,(1.6k Reviews),Private,"Toyota City,Aichi Prefecture + 74 more",86 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Toyota Motor Corporation is a global automotive industry leader manufacturing vehicles in 27 countries or regions and marketing the company’s products in over 170 countries and regions. Founded in 1937 and headquartered in Toyota City, Japan, Toyota Motor Corporation employs nearly 350,000 people globally."
Flatworld Soluti...,3.5,(292 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 7 more",17 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Flatworld Solutions is a diversified outsourcing services company with more than 9000 customers across 46 countries. Headquartered in Bangalore, Flatworld has offices in US and UK as well. Our global delivery centers span across India, Philippines, Ukraine, Kenya, Bolivia, Bogota, Mexico, Paraguay and Peru. Flatworld was established in 2006, as a privately owned company and experiencing growth of nearly 2x year-on-year. Our USP is the unique delivery model of choosing low-cost cities around the world and mapping their labor potential and business environment, to satisfy the qualitative requirements of our global customers at the best possible price"
Prestige Group,4.1,(292 Reviews),Private,Bengaluru + 19 more,37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Over the last decade, the Prestige Group has firmly established itself as one of the leading and most successful developers of real estate in India by imprinting its indelible mark across all asset classes. Founded in 1986, the group’s turnover is today in excess of Rs 3518 Cr (for FY 15); a leap that has been inspired by CMD Irfan Razack and marshaled by his brothers Rezwan Razack and Noaman Razack. Having completed 210 projects covering over 80 million sq ft, currently the company has 53 ongoing projects spanning 54 million sq ft and 35 upcoming projects aggregating to 48 million sq ft of world-class real estate space across asset classes. In October 2010, the Prestige Group also successfully entered the Capital Market with an Initial Public Offering of Rs 1200 cr."
Ssipl Lifestyle,4.1,(292 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 38 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SSIPL Retail Ltd. was instituted as a humble footwear manufacturing entity in the year 1994 as Moja Shoes Pvt. Ltd. The organization hasn’t looked back since then and has climbed the pedestals of success to become one of the major brand names in the Indian Lifestyle Industry. Today SSIPL stands as one of the major players in the Indian Lifestyle Industry and has literally become ""THE BRAND HUB"", with a large number of national as well as international brands in its kitty. This mammoth goal was achieved by taking one step at a time, starting in the year 1995 with its very first footwear manufacturing unit, setup in Kundli, Haryana. It was soon followed by starting shoe manufacturing for Nike in India, thus creating a landmark in Indian Footwear Industry by bringing the International brand Nike to India. It was the year 1998 when the SSIPL Group ventured into organized retailing by setting up the first Nike store in South Extension, Delhi. The feat continued thereafter with international brands like Levi's, Puma, Converse, Benetton, Lotto & Clarks joining hands with the SSIPL Group in shoeing the Indian customer. Taking the endeavour further the group came up with a number of in-house brands like Sierra, Cobblerz, Shoe Tree & Mmojah which established the group into a number of verticals like multi brand retail, distribution and manufacturing of footwear and accessories. Shoetree, Shoetree Sports & Value Station are a chain of multi brand concept retail store which are created to deliver finest of products to the modern Indian customer. Today the SSIPL Group stands as a mammoth organization with reach over 92 cities and around 440 stores in operation."
Avery Dennison,4.1,(292 Reviews),Private,"Glendale,California + 26 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Avery Dennison (NYSE: AVY) is a global materials science company specializing in the design and manufacture of a wide variety of labeling and functional materials.

The company’s products, which are used in nearly every major industry, include pressure-sensitive materials for labels and graphic applications; tapes and other bonding solutions for industrial, medical, and retail applications; tags, labels and embellishments for apparel; and radio frequency identification (RFID) solutions serving retail apparel and other markets. Headquartered in Glendale, California, the company employs more than 30,000 employees in over 50 countries. Reported sales in 2019 were $7.1 billion."
Shriram Housing ...,3.9,(292 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 91 more",13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Shriram Housing Finance Ltd. (SHFL) is a subsidiary of Shriram City Union Finance Ltd. and a part of the over 4 decades old Chennai based Shriram Group. It is a Housing Finance Company (HFC), duly registered with the National Housing Bank and has started business from December 2011. Headquartered in Mumbai, it boasts of an employee strength of over 800+ officials and has 65 branches spread across the country."
SS Supply Chain ...,4.5,(292 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 30 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"SS Supply Chain Solutions is a boutique supply chain solution provider which integrates supply chain management and analytics, one of the pioneers in India, to emerge into one stop emporium for all the three solutions facilitating logistics, supply chain management and analytics advisory services, optimizing supply chain all over the world.

Our key areas of expertise being supply chain execution and advisory are powered by cutting edge technological tools which enable us to provide end to end logistics and supply chain solutions effortlessly to our customers while establishing our global footprint. Our in-house developed tools such as Demand Curve with in-built machine learning algorithms along with our dynamic tracking system, i-Track along with other tools such as Saksham, our in-house integrated logistics management suite and effective control tower services redefine supply chain optimization. Our advances and interest in artificial intelligence and block chain in guiding our tools is what set us apart in supply chain management and its processes."
Black Knight,3.5,(292 Reviews),Private,"Jacksonville,Florida + 2 more",9 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Black Knight (NYSE:BKI) is a leading provider of integrated software, data and analytics solutions that facilitate and automate many of the business processes across the homeownership life cycle.

Black Knight is committed to being a premier business partner that clients rely on to achieve their strategic goals, realize greater success and better serve their customers by delivering best-in-class software, services and insights with a relentless commitment to excellence, innovation, integrity and leadership."
Mahindra Two Whe...,4.1,(292 Reviews),Public,Pune + 64 more,15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Mahindra & Mahindra Two Wheelers Division is a part of the USD 19 billion Mahindra Group.

Like all Mahindra companies, Mahindra & Mahindra Two Wheelers Division is guided by the three tenets of Rise i.e., Accepting No Limits, Alternative Thinking and Driving Positive Change. With these three guiding principles, we have built a range of scooters and motorcycles that offer distinctive styling, solid performance, great mileage and superior ride quality on tough Indian roads. Our products are also packed with many consumer-inspired, new-to-market technological innovations such as Height Adjustable Seat, Anti-Theft Alarm with Engine Immobiliser, Find Me Lamps and Remote Flip Key among many others.

Our high performance and innovative products are a manifestation of the strong technological capabilities that have been developed at our highly advanced R&D Centre at Pune. It is equipped with state-of-the-art facilities to develop world-class products. Home to several talented engineers and designers, the Mahindra Two Wheelers R&D facility is headed by two-wheeler experts who lead various futuristic technology and product development projects.

All our products are manufactured at our state-of-the-art manufacturing unit in Pithampur, Madhya Pradesh.

Our products have received wide-spread recognition from both leading auto experts and consumers. Our flagship motorcycle, the Mahindra Centuro has received over 11 industry and consumer awards while our newly launched scooter, the Mahindra Gusto, has received 5 awards; in the ‘Scooter of the Year’ and ‘Innovation of the Year’ categories among others.

We are rapidly expanding our already significant distribution and customer service networks across the country. We have more than 1500 touch points and are constantly widening our reach. To serve our customers better, we  are now operating over 200 mobile service points on two wheelers.

Mahindra & Mahindra Two Wheelers Division has recently acquired a 51% stake in Peugeot Motorcycles (PMTC), part of the Euro 54 billion Peugeot S.A. (PSA) Group based in France.  PMTC, a key player in urban mobility in Europe for the last 116 years, is the oldest motorised two-wheeler manufacturer and offers one of the most comprehensive range of scooters and mopeds, from 50cc to 400cc.Peugeot Scooters offers one of the most comprehensive range of scooters and mopeds, from 50cc to 400cc, including the successful three wheeled scooter – Metropolis. Peugeot Scooters sells in more than 40 countries across Europe, Africa, Asia and Middle East. This partnership with Mahindra & Mahindra Two Wheelers Division will help speed up international expansion and further build our global design and technological capabilities. Mahindra would offer access to the India market, mass market product technology while Peugeot brings premium range, a strong European footprint, and a globally recognized brand.

We are expanding our global footprint. And have a presence in 17 countries across South Asia, Africa, Middle East and Latin America.

Mahindra & Mahindra Two Wheelers Division products are as distinctive as they are thoughtful. Explore our range and discover the delight of riding high on trust, reliability and innovation."
S P Singla Const...,4.0,(292 Reviews),Private,"Panchkula,Haryana + 43 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Construction engineering involves planning and execution of the designs from transportation, site development, hydraulic, environmental structural and geotechnical engineers. As an expert in the field, S. P. Singla Constructions Pvt. Ltd. builds areas for smoother connectivity and communication far and wide. Every aspect of how we perform takes into consideration fulfillment of our mission and our promise to make lasting contributions to our community. A lot has changed since the last decade. Technology has undergone a drastic change. Innovation has taken over as the key to advancement but what has remained constant at our organization is the moral compass of commitment and dedication that has earned us the role as a trusted building advisor to so many of our clients. Introducing innovative technology to meet the demands of today is a trait we have come to be associated with. Our aesthetically designed projects stand testimony to our commitment in deliverance of quality work. Conforming to international standards in design and technology, S. P. Singla Constructions Pvt. Ltd. is leading as pioneers in its sector. Reputed for building technically demanding and logistically complex projects our team is surging ahead to set quality benchmarks. With a team of experts and professionals to help us in our pursuit, we are geared to achieve more milestones like ever before. The determination, commitment, motivation our team displays help us meet stringent demands of our clients, complete the projects on committed period, and cost effectively. With us quality is a trademark and we are determined to deliver state-of-the-art designs based on the best practices followed the world over."
Infrastructure L...,4.0,(292 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 64 more,36 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"""Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services Limited is one of India's leading infrastructure development and finance companies. Its central mandate is catalysing the development of innovative world-class infrastructure in the country.
For over 25 years, we have focused on commercializing infrastructure projects and creating value-added financial services to become a proactive partner in India’s growth story.
Widely acknowledged as the pioneer of Public Private Partnership (PPP) in India, the IL&FS Group has, through a variety of projects, benchmarked the private sector’s role in and commitment towards infrastructure development in India."
Danfoss Industri...,4.1,(292 Reviews),Private,"Nordborg,Als + 15 more",30 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Danfoss engineers technologies that enable the world of tomorrow to do more with less. We meet the growing need for infrastructure, food supply, energy efficiency and climate-friendly solutions. Our products and services are used in areas such as refrigeration, air conditioning, heating, motor control and mobile machinery. We are also active in the field of renewable energy as well as district heating infrastructure for cities and urban communities. Our innovative engineering dates back to 1933 and today Danfoss is a world-leader, employing more than 27,000 employees and serving customers in more than 100 countries. We are still privately held by the founding family.

Key figures from 2018:
Sales grew by 5% to EUR 6,098m (2017: 5,827m), corresponding to an 7% growth in local currency.
Operating profit (EBIT) amounted to EUR 648m (2017: 645m). The EBIT margin was 10.6% (2017: 11.1%).
Net profit improved by 4% to EUR 463m (2017: 445m).
Innovation spend increased 9% to EUR 255m (2017: 234m), corresponding to 4.2% of sales (2017: 4.0%).
Since 2007, Danfoss has reduced its energy consumption by 43% and CO2 emissions by 25%, mainly driven by energy-saving projects in the largest factories across the world.

Outlook 2019
For 2019, Danfoss expects to expand or maintain its market share, while increasing the profitability measured as margin compared with the 2018 level, following continued investments in digitalization and electrification."
Rao IIT Academy,3.3,(291 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 16 more",9 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Rao IIT Academy was initially established at Kota by a Research Scientist, a Technocrat - turned - outstanding teacher Dr. B.V. Rao, M.SC., M.S.(IIT Madras), Ph.D.(IIT Delhi) who has carved the careers of thousands of students for over two decades by enabling them to take berth in various IITs so far and has proved to be an undisputed leader in the field of education. Rested on the strong pillars of commitment, excellence, perfection and innovation that are depicted by the four wings in the logo of the Institute, he has laid a strong foundation of the Rao IIT Academy. The Institute is the enlargement of his vision to further display the best of his teaching ability and rich experience to strive and enable his students to make their cherished dreams a breathtaking reality and shape the destiny of students as IITians.
The institute is accomplished by a team of highly experienced and fully dedicated faculty with a Commitment to promote Excellence and Perfection in teaching and enhance the Success of every JEE Aspirant.
We strive to be updated with the latest technology and imbibe it in our teaching methodology.
State-of-the-art infrastructural facilities and rich ambience is provided to complement the teaching and to meet the requirements by providing a very congenial and intellectually stimulating competitive environment that is suitable for shaping your aspirations into reality and paving the way to Success."
BMC Software,4.4,(291 Reviews),Private,"Houston,Texas + 6 more",43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"BMC has unmatched experience in IT management, supporting 92 of the Forbes Global 100, and earning recognition as an ITSM Gartner Magic Quadrant Leader for six years running. Our solutions offer speed, agility, and efficiency to tackle business challenges in the areas of service management, automation, operations, and the mainframe."
Uppcl,4.1,(291 Reviews),Public,"Lucknow,Uttar Pradesh + 65 more",24 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited is the company responsible for electricity transmission and distribution within the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. The incumbent chairman is Shri Arvind Kumar.
Psp Projects,4.0,(291 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 23 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"PSP Projects Ltd. was founded by Shri P. S. Patel, a qualified Civil Engineer and visionary infrastructure leader, in 2009. It was the logical extension of his earlier, 2006 venture, BPC Projects, which notched up a record performance within just 3 years – crossing a turnover of few hundred million Rupees, amassing a portfolio of impressive projects and establishing a prestigious, loyal clientele. Under Patel’s inspirational leadership, creative vision and techno-commercial expertise, PSP Projects Ltd. has already established itself as an infrastructure house to reckon with, having a string of prestigious projects in diverse segments – corporate complexes, industrial premises, academic edifices, residential schemes and numerous hospitality projects (hotels, clubs, hospitals, etc.). PSP Projects Ltd. a customer-centric and value based corporate culture, custom-designed approach, excellence in execution, On-time delivery, higher responsiveness, round-the-clock service mentality and its simple, transparent business ethics have built for it a rock solid reputation for utter dependability. In the way its customers live every day in the residential complexes it builds, and in the way they work and thrive in the corporate environments it creates, PSP Projects Ltd. motto is: to make a REAL difference."
Iron Mountain In...,4.1,(291 Reviews),Private,"Boston,Massachusetts + 28 more",72 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Iron Mountain Inc. is an American enterprise information management services company founded in 1951 and headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts"
Deloitte Digital,4.0,(291 Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 17 more",6 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We are a high performing and an innovation driven ecosystem of ingenious and bold professionals, whose impact transcends borders. USI Deloitte Digital leads, drives and enables clients across US and abroad to help them digitally transform and be future ready.

Spread over multiple locations across India, DD USI specializes in and works at the intersection of strategy, experience and technology to drive growth and innovation, and partners with the US teams to build humanized and memorable experiences for our customers and stakeholders.

At USI, we have grown by leaps and bounds and continue to grow at a rapid pace! We have built design and virtual reality studios with cutting-edge technologies. We believe in the power of collaboration and being a ONE integrated team across US and India. We demonstrate trust and transparency in everything that we do and enable a culture of courage and diversity."
Spark Minda,3.8,(961 Reviews),Public,Gurgaon + 24 more,65 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"For over six decades, Spark Minda (erstwhile MINDA Group) has a major presence in the Global Automotive Industry and is one of the leading manufacturers of automotive components for the OEMs. The US $645 Million Group, with a workforce of more than 17,000 is catering to the leading Passenger Vehicle, Commercial Vehicle, Motorcycle & Scooter, Off-road Vehicle & Tier 1 Manufacturers in India with presence in Germany, Poland, Czech Republic, Mexico, China, Indonesia, Vietnam, Uzbekistan, and Japan. We also serve to aftermarket segment in India through a strong dealer distributorship of about 500 dealers.

For the technological edge, we have a dedicated R&D facility and collaborations with the pioneers and leaders of the automobile industry. For assimilating the latest technologies, Spark Minda has entered into strategic alliances and technical collaborations with leading international companies and acquired businesses across the globe. This has provided Spark Minda with the cutting-edge in product design and technology to meet strict international quality standards.

The Group companies are accredited with QS 9000, ISO-14001, and TS Certification. We are one of India's leading manufacturers of automotive components – Electronic & Mechanical Security Systems, Die Casting, Key Solutions, Telematics, ITS & IoT, Wiring Harnesses, SRC’s, Components, Instrument Clusters, Sensors, Interior Plastics that caters to all major two, three, four-wheeler, commercial, off-road vehicle manufacturers in India & Overseas.

The products are well accepted worldwide, both within OEMs and the Aftermarket."
ShareChat,3.9,(298 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 23 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ShareChat is the fastest growing social network in India. We are building a social platform for ln the masses of India in their languages (available as an android app). We are developing a product which delivers a world-class user experience even to the first time internet users of India. The problem, in a nutshell, is to understand the needs and requirements of the diverse vernacular audience for which not much work has been done so far in the industry. ShareChat has more than 100 million downloads on the Google Play Store"
Suprajit Enginee...,3.8,(290 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 24 more",38 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Suprajit Engineering Ltd is the third Largest Light duty Control cable manufacturer in the world and the largest Automotive Halogen Bulb manufacturer in India, having a turnover of INR 1455 Cr. (~ 200 Mil $) for the year 2017-18. Having a capacity of 250 Million Cables per annum & 87 Mil. Halogen Bulbs.Company is listed on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National Stock Exchange (NSE)Having 20 plants in India (Spanning from Haridwar, Pathnagar, Bhiwadi, Manesar, NOIDA, Vapi, Pune, Bangalore, Chennai) and a Tech center in UK. Wescon Controls in USA (Wichita, Kansas) and Mexico (Juarez), a wholly owned subsidiary focuses on Non-Automotive Cables.Trifa Lamps Germany Gmbh & Luxlite Lamps SARL are wholly owned entities in Germany and Luxembourg and are the trading arms for Halogen Bulbs.Customers include all major large 2 wheeler manufacturers in India, Indian and MNC OEMs in the car, Commercial Vehicle, Out Door Power equipment, Agriculture, construction & Farm equipment segments.Nearly 40% of the revenue comes from Exports and overseas affilliates.Apart from Cables, Suprajit has successfully made an entry into Instrument clusters, Fuel Sender units and a host of other products for the 2 wheeler markets.Employing over 5000 people, Suprajit is keen on expanding its operations and growing both organically and inorganically."
Super Smelters,4.1,(289 Reviews),"Kolkata,West Bengal + 10 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Super Smelters Limited is a flagship company of Sai Group. Sai Group of industries is having five plants in Eastern India region. Super Smelters Limited is having three plants, where as Sai Sponge (India) Limited and Sai Iron (India) Limited have one plant each. All plants are well connected by Indian Railway System and National Highways. Super Smelters Limited Unit-I, II and III are the situated at Durgapur (WB), Koderma (Jharkhand) and Jamuria (WB) respectively. Sai Sponge (India) Limited has its plant at Jhinkpani/Chaibasa(Jharkhand), and Sai Iron (India) Limited is having one plant at Patna(Bihar). Super Smelters Limited Unit-III, Jamuria is presently the largest plant of this organization, and it is a modernized integrated steel plant with facilities like Railway Siding, Captive Power Plant etc."
Andritz,3.9,(289 Reviews),Private,"Graz,Steiermark + 11 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ANDRITZ is an international technology group providing plants, systems, equipment, and services for various industries. The company is one of the technology and global market leaders in the hydropower business, the pulp and paper industry, the metal working and steel industries, and in solid/liquid separation in the municipal and industrial segments.
The listed Group is headquartered in Graz, Austria. With almost 170 years of experience, approximately 29,700 employees, and more than 280 locations in over 40 countries worldwide, ANDRITZ is a reliable and competent partner and helps its customers to achieve their corporate and sustainability goals.
ANDRITZ stands for passion, partnership, perspectives and versatility – core values to which the company is committed."
Vimta Labs,3.7,(289 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 21 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"VIMTA LABS LTD., is a leading contract research and testing organization, providing bio/pharmaceutical companies an integrated scientific, technical and regulatory expertise to support all stages of drug development and manufacturing process. Our service portfolio includes preclinical and clinical research; and cGMP laboratory services viz., method development, microbiology, stability testing, extractables & leachables, process validation, quality control, physical characterization etc. In our 34 years of journey, we have gained in-depth scientific and technical expertise through working with a variety of molecules and formulations in different therapeutic areas. We support the needs of more than 300 bio/pharmaceutical companies across the globe, from virtual to large pharma and biopharma through a wide range of expertise. Our team of 1000+ professionals constantly endeavor to provide timely scientific solutions and services to help customers manage their drug development and manufacturing processes more efficiently, without compromising on quality. We have a track record of strict compliance to regulatory requirements (cGMP, GLP, GCP) and Standards (ISO 17025, ISO 15189, ISO 9001), and have undergone over 40 regulatory audits successfully from regulatory agencies across the globe including DCGI, NGCMA, USFDA, WHO, MHRA, ANSM, ANVISA, BfArM and DRAs of Denmark, Sweden, Portugal and Ukraine."
SPAR Hypermarket...,4.3,(289 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 20 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SPAR Hypermarkets in India is a result of a strategic partnership between Dubai based Landmark Group's Max Hypermarkets India Pvt. Ltd. & Amsterdam based SPAR International. The company started with one store in 1932 and now comprises of 12,500+ stores in 44 countries across 4 continents. The success story of SPAR has been underpinned by a set of values that have guided the organization since its inception which was more than 80 years ago. At the heart of these core values is the commitment of SPAR stores worldwide towards Freshness, Choice, Value, & Service.Freshness has always been a prime focus area and a competitive strength for SPAR. We have pioneered processes, practices, & supply chain techniques that help maintain and boost freshness at all SPAR India stores. We believe in offering the freshest of fruits, vegetables, fish, and meat & poultry products, sourced locally or imported, for all our customers - whether they walk in or buy them at our online store - www.sparindia.com. To uphold our value of Freshness, we introduced a 'Farmers Market' section where local produce is procured directly from the farmers and transported to SPAR collection centers. Here, the produce is graded and delivered to all SPAR stores within short span of time, ensuring freshness. We also introduced a section called 'Freshly' which provides value-added services to our customers. Here, they can get fresh fruit juices, salads, and other food items which are freshly made for them.

SPAR India has always been focused on providing the best value to its customers. Exclusive offers & best prices give our customers more than one reason to come back for more. Whether it is about daily needs at guaranteed lowest prices, savings on special products under Super Savers Offers, getting the most out of new & clearance sales, or savings on SPAR Private Label Products with 'Save With SPAR Offers', we have something for everyone, so that our customers go back home with a valuable shopping experience.Offering the best service is at the heart of everything we do at SPAR India. Our customer service Call Centre is also available from 11 am to 8 pm every day. Technological advancements are shaping the retail industry in an inspiring way and we focus on deploying the right technology to enhance the overall shopping experience. When it comes to customer value, we have progressed in leaps & bounds. The exclusive SPAR Studio enables every customer to reimagine their new home décor and the Self-Checkout Kiosks help customers jump the queue and checkout independently & faster."
Central Bank of ...,4.0,(289 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 71 more",112 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Established in 1911, Central Bank of India was the first Indian commercial bank which was wholly owned and managed by Indians. The establishment of the Bank was the ultimate realisation of the dream of Sir Sorabji Pochkhanawala, founder of the Bank. Sir Pherozesha Mehta was the first Chairman of a truly 'Swadeshi Bank'. In fact, such was the extent of pride felt by Sir Sorabji Pochkhanawala that he proclaimed Central Bank of India as the 'property of the nation and the country's asset'. He also added that 'Central Bank of India lives on people's faith and regards itself as the people's own bank'.

During the past 106 years of history the Bank has weathered many storms and faced many challenges. The Bank could successfully transform every threat into business opportunity and excelled over its peers in the Banking industry."
Triumphant Insti...,3.9,(289 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 62 more,31 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Triumphant Institute of Management Education Pvt. Ltd. (T.I.M.E.) is India's leading test-prep institute with a pan-India presence and is headquartered in Hyderabad. Established in 1992, T.I.M.E. today operates out of 238 offices located in 119 towns and cities across the country. Over 40 IIT/IIM graduates form part of the core team at T.I.M.E.

Started in a small room of 120 square feet on 26th May,1992 in Hyderabad with one center, T.I.M.E. has just completed 27 years of service to the student community – helping to build a few hundred thousand careers along the way. From one office to 238 offices has been a long and satisfying journey for T.I.M.E.'s promoters who had chucked their high flying corporate jobs to pursue their dream and passion!

T.I.M.E. is today acknowledged as a multi-location, multi-programme training specialist run on corporate lines and offers a wide range of programmes not only for national and state-level entrance exams like the CAT, MAT, JEE MAIN, and JEE ADVANCED but also for international exams like GMAT, GRE, IELTS and TOEFL.

Through its Campus Recruitment Training conducted at various engineering colleges across the country every year, T.I.M.E. trains thousands of students in aptitude tests and communication skills as a part of preparing them for their campus placements.

T.I.M.E. also offers a unique IIT Foundation programme aimed at students of the classes 7th, 8th, 9th and 10th. This programme focuses on strengthening the student's conceptual clarity of the fundamentals of Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry."
F1 Info Solution...,3.9,(289 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 37 more",22 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"""F1 Info Solutions and Services Private Limited, is a neutral service provider in the field of Moblity, IT & IT Peripherals, AV & Enterprise Solutions, Displays and Consumer Electronics. Incepted in 2012, F1 a Flipkart Group Company is one of the fastest growing Neutral Service Provider offering comprehensive life-cycle services for Mobility, IT & IT Peripherals, AV & Enterprise Solutions, Displays & Consumer Electronics. F1 Info Solutions and Services Private Limited is an ISO 9001:2015 Certified Company and has been serving it’s customers for a long time.
The company has grown YOY in terms of C-Sat and revenues, since inception.
We help customers do business better by leveraging our industry-wide experience, deep technology expertise, process-driven approach, comprehensive portfolio of services and vertically aligned business model.
Multi-brand service capability and strong service management system (F1SmART) make us a preferred destination for customers looking for a long term solution to their service-related needs."""
Bridgestone Indi...,4.2,(289 Reviews),Private,Pune + 31 more,27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Bridgestone India Automotive is a 100% subsidiary of Bridgestone Corporation, Japan with its head office in Chennai. It has the state of art plants, manufacturing Anti-Vibration product at Oragadam (Chennai) and Manesar (near Delhi).

Bridgestone India Automotive mission is ""Serving society with Superior Quality"" with strong emphasis on quality and customer service, the company has grown rapidly becoming one of the major suppliers to reputed car manufacturing companies in India. Backed by a strong R & D team, the company is in the forefront of new technologies providing end to end solutions. The Company is backed by the strong support of technical center at Bridgestone, Japan.

The company is managed by a competent team of Japanese and Indian professionals."
NetAmbit,3.6,(289 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 58 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Netambit helps businesses build a sustainable advantage by accelerating growth in high-touch offline areas. We help clients drive high incremental revenue with increased speed to market, and efficient use of resources. With our SPO business focused on Merchant/Retail/Partner acquisitions in B2Retail, B2B, B2C and B2SMB - We offer innovative and customized solutions for your many business challenges. We manage key revenue functions for our clients such as: - Sales Management (FoS) - Digital Leads Fulfillment - Field/Retail Audits - Hiring & Staffing Solutions - Merchant Acquisition & Activation - Call Center Operations With 20+ years of experience in managing multi product/multi-channel sales, we partner with the most prestigious unicorns in the country and India’s largest banks to address their scaling needs. Netambit can help you: - Launch in new markets while keeping your organization people light - Improve your efficiencies by managing sales processes - Achieve fast and sustainable scale-up pan India - Quickly execute short term scale-up With more than 10000 people (and counting), we drive exceptional growth for our clients in more than 800 cities across the country. Founded in 2000, with a vision to make financial services available to masses, Netambit has now evolved into a leading professional services company with many lines of businesses including real estate, financial services, sales processes and hiring & staffing services. At Netambit we have a culture of respect and accountability, and that, is what we believe is the core of our success. With our focus on people and processes, we make anything possible with our passion!"
McKinsey & Compa...,4.3,(365 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 13 more,97 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"McKinsey is a global management consulting firm committed to helping organizations accelerate sustainable and inclusive growth. 

We are the trusted advisor and counselor to many of the world's most influential businesses and institutions and work with clients across the private, public, and social sectors to solve complex problems and create positive, enduring change in the world.




Careers beyond consulting

In addition to consulting or client-facing roles, thousands of talented colleagues around the world bring their skills, experience, and perspectives to McKinsey’s internal and technology roles to make a meaningful impact and keep the firm operating at its best. With roles spanning 10 different functions, a range of disciplines, and various career paths, our internal roles are core to running our firm and present endless opportunities to make your own McKinsey.

India is also home to more than 3,500 client capabilities professionals who partner with our consultant teams, both remotely and at client sites, in an agile and targeted way to deliver specialized on-demand analyses. They are core to our firm’s R&D, developing new knowledge and building and refining proprietary capabilities. Our portfolio includes state-of-the-art research, asset-backed and rapid diagnostics, benchmarking, and workflow support."
Exxon Mobil,3.6,(295 Reviews),Private,"Irving,Texas + 25 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ExxonMobil is the world's largest publicly traded international oil and gas company, providing energy that helps underpin growing economies and improve living standards around the world.ExxonMobil uses innovation and technology to deliver energy to a growing world. We explore for, produce and sell crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products.We operate facilities or market products in most of the world’s countries and explore for oil and natural gas on six continents."
Henry Harvin Edu...,4.5,(288 Reviews),"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 11 more",8 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"Learn from South Asia's Oldest Content Writing Course | Recognized by American Association of EFL, Content Writing Association of India, UK Cert, UKAF & MSME | Guaranteed Live Projects & Internship Opportunity.

All about Henry Harvin Content Writing Course Reviews"
Kataria Automobi...,3.7,(288 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 13 more",33 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Authorized Maruti Suzuki Car Dealer in Gujarat - Offers a wealth of variety to the Maruti automotive consumers.
We believe that our impressive strides in the marketplace stem in equal parts from our proactive approach and our customers' unstinting support, earned the only way we know: by giving our customers the most appropriate car luxury solutions for each of their needs, and by backing them up with consultancy, finance, after sales services and a responsive after-market network. We are conscious of the fact that vehicles are more than just a means of transporting people and goods; we understand that they have a deep and far-reaching impact on society, the national economy and the environment.

As we start our second century of business, we are in a position to appeal to the widest network of showrooms and service stations. Each of our Maruti automotive brands has a unique personality and holds a distinct value in itself. We carefully select those opportunities that enable us to deliver better ideas into the marketplace in new and exciting ways. At Kataria, we create network to better connect with our customers. We strengthen our relationships with our customers through our services like MGP, MOS, MF We collaborate with others to revolutionize our core business processes and to stay ahead of our rapidly changing industry. We choose new view to help system that maximizes efficiency and operational services."
Veritas Finance,4.2,(288 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 111 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Veritas Finance Private Limited (Veritas) is focused on meeting the financial needs of the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) in India, which has remained largely underserved despite several initiatives. A company run by professionals with rich experience in financial services industry, aims to make availing credit easy to this segment and make a positive impact on the lives of millions of Indians engaged in informal activities and who actually build the nation.

A Non - Banking Finance Company, registered with Reserve Bank of India, the company has grown the loan book to more than 1255 crores, expanded to 201 branches and having over 47,065 customers across various regions. Veritas Finance has been largely working to meet the working capital and business credit requirements of the small businesses in the MSME sector."
Bharat Biotech I...,3.1,(288 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 21 more,27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With advanced research, we create innovative vaccines and bio-therapeutics for a healthier tomorrow.
Bharat Biotech creates innovative vaccines and bio-therapeutics trusted by physicians around the world. We own 160 global patents and our products help people in over 65 countries live to their fullest potential. Our manufacturing facilities are approved by USFDA, KFDA and WHO.
We have delivered over 3 billion vaccine doses all over the world. Our key priority is to solve the health challenges of the developing world by developing innovative vaccines and therapeutics.
From our early years, we invested in cutting-edge research in areas that need urgent medical solutions. This focus saw a succession of effective vaccines leave our labs and have a lasting impact on the health of millions. Our significant R&D investments have yielded several breakthroughs including the world’s first:

Eco-friendly recombinant Hepatitis-B vaccine (free of cesium chloride and Thiomersal).
Rotavirus vaccine from a naturally attenuated strain.
Typhoid Conjugate vaccine.

We have delivered over 3 billion vaccine doses all over the world. REGEN-D® - our epidermal growth factor for diabetic foot ulcers and burns is a leading product in the wound healing segment. Our key priority is to solve the health challenges of the developing world. We were among the first to develop vaccines for viral diseases like Chikungunya and Zika."
Del Monte Foods,4.1,(288 Reviews),Private,San Francisco + 38 more,137 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Del Monte Foods is one of the country’s largest and most well-known producers, distributors and marketers of premium quality, branded food products for the U.S. retail market, generating approximately $1.7 billion in net sales in fiscal 2017. With a powerful portfolio of brands, Del Monte products are found in six out of ten U.S. households. Brands include Del Monte®, Contadina®, S&W®, College Inn®, and other brand names."
Flamingo Pharmac...,3.3,(288 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 6 more,38 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Flamingo Pharmaceuticals Ltd is a quality-driven Indian pharmaceutical company with an experience of over two decades in global pharmaceutical markets. The Company marks its presence in over 50 countries across five continents. Flamingo is also the preferred manufacturer of formulations for some of world’s top ranking pharmaceutical companies. Leveraging its ability to meet global benchmarks, Flamingo now brings to India accessible healthcare through its high-quality and affordable Flamingo branded formulations covering wide therapeutic categories. Taking ""Made in India” Formulations to the WorldInspired by the vision to be a reputed global player by meeting world-class quality standards, Flamingo has built an enviable track record of successes in the semi-regulated markets. It has more than 2000 registrations, one of the highest for Indian companies, Internationally. Flamingo has a strong sales and marketing team backed by a very robust distribution network."
Henry Harvin Edu...,4.5,(288 Reviews),"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 11 more",8 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"Learn from South Asia's Oldest Content Writing Course | Recognized by American Association of EFL, Content Writing Association of India, UK Cert, UKAF & MSME | Guaranteed Live Projects & Internship Opportunity.

All about Henry Harvin Content Writing Course Reviews"
NielsenIQ,4.0,(288 Reviews),Chicago + 13 more,100 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"NielsenIQ is the original big data company. We are steadfast in our commitment to supplying the retail and consumer goods industry’s gold standard for quality measurement and analytics—at a global scale, across the omnichannel."
RPG Life Science...,4.2,(287 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 26 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"RPG Life Sciences is an Indian pharmaceutical company. Formerly known as Searle Ltd, RPG Life Sciences is part of RPG Enterprises. It has its corporate office in RPG House in Worli, Mumbai"
Maxgen Technolog...,4.7,(287 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 4 more",10 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Our dedication towards our work, distinguished reputation, countless success stories and huge customer base makes us a steadfast company. A leading Web Design and Development, company established in 2013. We are located in Ahmedabad, Navi Mumbai and Pune India.We have highly proficient team of web designers, web developers, web consultants and marketing professionals who strive continuously to deliver timely constrained and professional service, and have gained the trust of clients by helping them to take their business to new heights and generate larger conversions. Creating attractive and user friendly websites has always been our main agenda. We provide specialized services in wide range of domains including Web Development, Web Designing, E-commerce solutions, Digital Marketing, Game Development and much more. We provide tailored web solutions that match your business requirements exactly."
Reliance Life Sc...,3.5,(287 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 26 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Reliance Life Sciences is a research-driven organization developing business opportunities in bio-therapeutics (plasma proteins, biosimilars and novel proteins), pharmaceuticals (later-generation, oncology generics), clinical research services, regenerative medicine (stem cells therapies) and molecular medicine. Reliance Life Sciences is part of the Promoter Group of Reliance Industries Limited.Reliance Life Sciences has launched three of the world’s first biosimilars, has the largest number of biosimilars in the market in India, and the highest number of biosimilars under development globally. It has the distinction of being the first integrated manufacturer of plasma proteins in South Asia. Reliance Life Sciences has catalyzed the emergence of regenerative medicine in the country, and has the highest experience with cord blood stem cell transplants in India. RLS is one of the few centres in the world offering a specialized range of tests in molecular medicine and molecular genetics."
iNurture Educati...,3.5,(287 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 34 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"‘iNurture’ stands for ‘Intelligent Nurturing’. Intelligent nurturing of young talent to make them employable on graduation with a long-term career orientation is our motto.  iNurture began operations in the year 2005, endeavouring to develop and deliver industry-relevant Undergraduate and Postgraduate programmes in the fast- growing sectors of the new-age economy, through a unique University-Industry Partnership (UIP) model."
H & R Johnson,4.0,(287 Reviews),Private,Staffordshire + 53 more,27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established 1901. Not only are Johnson Tiles the UK’s leading manufacturer of ceramic tiles, our experienced design team also travel the world to source products to enhance our portfolio. We are also one of the greenest companies in the UK.

With over 100 years experience Johnson Tiles has a long history of market leadership. With a dedicated in-house design team and UK based production facilities, Johnson Tiles continues to deliver distinctive new products servicing both the contract and retail markets internationally, all of which is underpinned by our award winning quality and environmental systems. Within the contract market, our experience, service and product range covers all aspects of public and private specifications, from architects and designers through house builders, contractors and distributors.

Our tiles have been used on both small and large contracts for housing projects, schools, universities, hotels, hospitals, industrial developments and the leisure industry. Within the retail market we design and manufacture products for both independent and multiple retailers. We offer the widest choice of ‘on trend’ products, backed up by industry leading logistics and service."
Qcon,4.4,(287 Reviews),Private,Doha + 19 more,48 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Qatar Engineering & Construction Company (Qcon) is the leading National EPC & Maintenance Contractor in the Oil & Gas, Petrochemical, Fertilizer and Power industries.Formally known as MECON, the company was established in 1975. Since then, Qcon has contributed immensely to the hydrocarbon infrastructural development in Qatar."
Corteva Agriscie...,4.3,(287 Reviews),Public,"Wilmington,Delaware + 52 more",4 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Corteva Agriscience is the only major agriscience company completely dedicated to agriculture. By combining the strengths of DuPont Pioneer, DuPont Crop Protection and Dow AgroSciences, we've harnessed agriculture's brightest minds and expertise gained over two centuries of scientific achievement."
Mars Internation...,4.2,(287 Reviews),Private,McLean + 55 more,29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Everyone has the power to make a difference. And when we’re all working towards the same shared vision, nothing is out of reach. That’s what we believe, and why our 125,000+ Associates around the world are empowered to take action every day towards the world we want tomorrow. Because we know, the world we want tomorrow starts with how we do business today. #TomorrowStartsToday.That’s our inspiration for pushing boundaries and challenging ourselves to transform the way we do business every day. For generations, we’ve been making many of the world’s most loved and most iconic brands, products and services. We want that to continue for generations to come. We know that as a global business we have the opportunity - the responsibility - to help create a tomorrow in which the planet, its people and pets can thrive."
Pinnacle Infote...,3.5,(287 Reviews),"Houston,Texas + 10 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Pinnacle Infotech offers Building Information Modeling (BIM) solutions to Architecture, Engineering & Construction (AEC) firms worldwide. Clients use BIM services for construction projects to facilitate project coordination, collaboration, asset management, risk mitigation, logistic planning and cost optimization. We have more than 1251 BIM professionals to collaborate across different time zones. Global delivery centers: India (Durgapur, Kolkata & Jaipur), USA (Houston), UK (London), UAE (Dubai), Italy (Calolziocorte) and Switzerland (Zurich)"
ITSource Technol...,3.3,(286 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 26 more",25 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"ITSource is a leading technology services company that specializes in partnering with global organizations across industries on their Transformation journey. A technology partner of choice, backed by strong track-record of long customer engagement, ITSource’s comprehensive range of technology services and solutions enable its customers to achieve new thresholds of business performance.

ITSource , with its experience in delivering excellence and superior client satisfaction through International benchmark Process & practices is uniquely positioned to help them surpass challenges around running their existing business most efficiently, helping in their legacy transformation, and planning for business expansion and growth through innovative and digital ways.

ITSource with two decade of experience in managing fortune 500 & large customer ,we thrive for our quality delivery practices and have certified for ISO 9001:2008, ISO 20000-1:2005, as well as ISO 27001: 2005 standards . ITSource is constantly redefining the way services are being delivered and align customer objectives with our teams to ensure superior outcome for the clients"
NCCCL,3.6,(286 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 20 more",77 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"New Consolidated Construction Co. Ltd. (NCCCL) with Head Office in Mumbai, is the flagship company of Jasdanwalla Group. A 73-years old, ISO 9001-2008, ISO 14001 & OHSAS 18001 certified company, it was incorporated in 1946 by Mr.Yahyabhai Jasdanwalla, father of Mr. Abbas Jasdanwalla, the present Chairman & Managing Director of the company.Today, NCCCL is one of the premier civil construction company in India with projects being executed in Maharahstra, Gujarat, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh, and Sikkim. Company also executed many projects in Goa and Himachal Pradesh"
Evelyn Learning ...,3.9,(286 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 7 more",10 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Evelyn is the leading brand in the content development sphere. It has proven specialization in subject areas of English, Mathematics, Science, Computer Science, Business, Accounts, Finance, Economics, and Statistics.
Evelyn plans to expand vertically in its subject domains for school and college students and also for working professionals."
InternEzy,5.0,(286 Reviews),Erode + 6 more,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Allegis Group,3.8,(907 Reviews),Private,"Hanover,Maryland + 9 more",40 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"As the global leader in talent solutions, we take pride in what we do, connecting great people to great opportunities, helping businesses win and careers soar. Today, with $12.3 billion in revenues and 500+ global locations, Allegis Group and its network of specialized companies provide a full suite of complementary talent solutions that solves nearly every workforce challenge to empower business success while consistently delivering an unsurpassed quality experience."
JM Financial,4.1,(285 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 46 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"JM Financial Products Limited provides financial services. The Company offers investment banking, mortgage lending, distressed credit, and asset management services. JM Financial Productsserves customers worldwide. JM Financial is one of India’s prominent financial services groups, specialising in providing a spectrum of businesses to corporations, financial institutions, high net-worth individuals and retail investors. We are known for our diverse businesses which comprises of(a) Investment Banking, Wealth Management and Securities (IWS) which includes fee and fund based activities for our clients(b) Mortgage Lending which includes both wholesale mortgage lending and retail mortgage lending (home loans, education institutions lending and LAP)(c) Distressed credit which includes the Asset Reconstruction business(d) Asset Management which includes the mutual fund business."
RR kabel,4.1,(285 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 51 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Our success today will be instrumental in our achievements tomorrow.As one of the leading wires and cables manufacturers in the world, we at RR Kabel are also the pioneers of wire design, technology and applicability. Our cutting edge technology and research has continually enhanced the efficiency, reliability and safe conduction of electricity. This in turn supported the core of our engineering endeavour, which is to guarantee safe environments everywhere – offices, retail spaces, industrial plants and residences. Ever since our inception, we have been inspired by the promise of a better life, which innovative engineering promises. This inspiration has transformed into a relentless pursuit, which has seen us engineer and manufacture a colossal range of products apposite for prodigious industries. Our products have been engineered to survive harshest of environments like the crushing, high pressures of the ocean or sweltering heat or cold of arid lands. Wires and cables permeate through every aspect of our modern lifestyle, which commands uninterrupted and efficient electricity supply. From planes to trains, telecommunication to entertainment, satellites to Wifi – wires are the omnipresent, unsung heroes pulsating with electricity, bringing surroundings to life and bridging distances. Our diverse product offerings are nimble and energy efficient, minimizing losses, tending security and earning you savings through every millimetre they pervade. In our 20-year journey so far, we have been lauded with several product and system certifications and awards that speak for our quality and dependable wires. Yet, these laurels will not stop us at RR Kabel, from striving even harder through our diligent efforts and commitment, for excellence in the wire and cable industry."
Cyfuture,3.6,(285 Reviews),Noida + 21 more,22 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Since 2001, Cyfuture is vesting organizations of all sizes with inventive business solutions ensuring high-caliber performance and improvised brand image. Being a brand that is internationally famed for stupendous service standards, competent handling of IT infrastructure, and reliable corporate image, we have over 2000 zealous experts catering to the diversified requirements of businesses from sectors like e-commerce, retail, information technology, software services, education, banking & finance and government bodies."
Royal Orchid Hot...,3.9,(285 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 32 more",37 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Royal Orchid & Regenta Hotels is one of India's fastest-growing hospitality brands, managing a portfolio of over 50+ properties across the country. Founded in 2001 by industry veteran Mr. Chander K Baljee, Royal Orchid & Regenta Hotels is a renowned and trusted brand with a growth plan to reach 100 hotels by 2022."
Allied Blenders ...,4.1,(284 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 56 more",37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Allied Blenders and Distillers Pvt. Ltd. (ABD) is the largest domestic spirits company and the 3rd largest IMFL company in India. It is promoted by the stalwart of the Indian alcobev industry, Mr. Kishore Chhabria.

At ABD, our highly experienced and professional management team ensures that we keep pace with the changing business dynamics and consumer aspirations. We have an impressive product portfolio consisting of some of the country’s most popular brands. 

ABD is growing at a CAGR of 26% on volume basis and at a CAGR of 36% on value basis over the last 3 years and is the fastest growing IMFL company in India. We have 15 sales offices and 50 bottling units (of which 5 are company-owned).
ABD has a pan-India presence and enjoys a national market share of 10% in India’s alcobev industry in FY 2014-15. From being a single brand company a little over 6 years ago, today ABD is a multi-brand company having presence in almost all categories within the spirits industry. ABD’s flagship brand, Officer’s Choice is the largest selling whisky brand in the world* and is one of the largest spirits brand exported out of India, selling in 18 countries across the globe, Other brands in the portfolio include : Officer’s Choice Blue, Officer’s Choice Black, Jolly Roger Rum, Class 21, Wodka Gorbatschow, Officer’s Choice Brandy, Lord & Master brandy and Kyron Premium Brandy."
UCAL Fuel System...,3.9,(284 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 14 more",38 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"UCAL Fuel Systems Ltd (UFSL) is a $120 Million auto-component company head quartered in Chennai, India. The company offers comprehensive Fuel Management Systems for the auto sector. The product portfolio includes pumps, emission control parts and various components for both ferrous and non ferrous material. The company has two 100% owned subsidiaries, UCAL Polymer India Ltd (UPIL) & AMTEC Precision Products Inc (USA)."
B. Braun Medical,4.0,(284 Reviews),Private,"Melsungen,Hesse + 37 more",184 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"B. Braun is one of the world's leading providers and manufacturers of healthcare solutions today. Every service that B. Braun provides incorporates the entirety of our knowledge and skills, the company's deep understanding of users'​ needs, and more than 175 years of extensive expertise. With its constantly growing portfolio of effective medical care solutions, B. Braun makes a substantial contribution towards protecting and improving people's health. In total, the B. Braun product range comprises 5,000 different products, 95 percent of which are manufactured by the company. By offering supplementary services and consulting, B. Braun is a system supplier that develops the best solution for patients in close partnership with our customers, making a significant contribution to medical advancements."
Amber Enterprise...,4.1,(284 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 18 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Our Company was incorporated as Amber Enterprises India Private Limited, as a private limited company under the Companies Act, 1956.

Our Company was converted to a public limited company on September 22, 2017.

From a single factory in Rajpura, Punjab, that commenced operations in 1994, we have today grown to 10 manufacturing facilities across seven locations in India. Our manufacturing facilities have a high degree of backward integration and are strategically located in proximity to our customers' requirements."
STUP Consultants,4.0,(284 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 41 more",60 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"STUP is a full service project delivery consultancy company offering integrated planning, architecture engineering and project management services for buildins, power, transportation, telecommunications, commercial, institutional, recreational and manufacturing facility infrastructure, and is an international firm with over 1200 professionals in more than 20 offices and global project locations. STUP, a French acronym for “Societe Technique pour l’Utilisation de la Precontrainte” meaning“technical corporation for the utilization of prestressed concrete” was established in Paris in 1944 to spread the knowledge of prestressed concrete and other inventions of Mr. Eugene Freyssinet . The renknowned french engineer.STUP Consultants Pvt. Ltd. (""STUP""​) was establised in india in 1963. STUP’s wide range of resources and expertise offer comprehensive and single umbrella solutions to technically challenging projects and services from planning to construction, for local and national governments, international financing institutions, private sector owners, contractors and public sector institutions. STUP also provides optimized and innovative state of the art designs utilizing specialized expertise developed over 5 decades for the design and rehabilitation of buildings and major structures, which are locally adapted for economic constructability."
PK,3.8,(284 Reviews),Private,"Beaverton,Oregon + 5 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"PK is the experience engineering firm. Together with the world's most customer-obsessed companies, we combine great design and strong tech to build pioneering experiences that accelerate outcomes for your customers, partners, and employees. Through cutting-edge technology and a commitment to deep craftsmanship, we help our clients run the future."
Darcl Logistics,4.1,(284 Reviews),Private,"Hisar,Haryana + 43 more",48 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The company had modest but sound beginnings, commencing with a single truck plying between Delhi and Assam. Over the last four decades, Darcl has evolved into an organization with a Pan India network. This growth in infrastructure is also accompanied by an expansion in capabilities, as we have expanded our service portfolio to include diverse skills and industry sectors to emerge as a leading operator with a satisfied customer base of over 2000 companies."
INDIABULLS PHARM...,2.6,(284 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 51 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Indiabulls Pharmaceuticals Ltd. was incorporated in July 2016 with an ambition to become a leading provider of healthcare products and services in India and beyond. The Indian healthcare sector is poised for significant growth in the coming decade driven by rising incomes, enhanced medical infrastructure, rise in the prevalence and treatment of chronic diseases and greater health insurance. Specifically, the Indian pharmaceutical market is projected to grow to USD 55 billion by 20201 from a current estimated size of USD 27 billion and this will take the Indian pharmaceutical market in the top 5 global market both in terms of volume and value. The secular growth of the industry is further bolstered by the commitment of the Indian government to increase access for patients and provide benefits for investments in manufacturing and research and development for the manufacturers."
Samsung C&T,4.2,(284 Reviews),"Suwon-Si,Gyeonggi-Do + 16 more",85 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Samsung C&T Corporation was founded in 1938 as the parent company of Samsung Group. In 1975, it was designated by the Korean government as the nation’s “first general trading company” to lead overseas sales operations. It merged with Samsung Construction in December 1995, and has since been engaged in various global businesses through offices in over 50 countries.Samsung Everland was established in 1963 with the mission of assisting Korea’s national land development. Since then, it has evolved into a leader in Korea’s service industry by expanding its business scope to include resorts, food and beverage, and landscaping. In December 2013, Samsung Everland acquired the Fashion Group of Cheil Industries, a prominent industry player founded in 1954. Following the merger, it changed its name to Cheil Industries and has since focused on projects related to lifestyle design."
Forever Living P...,4.4,(283 Reviews),Private,"Scottsdale,Arizona + 41 more",45 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Forever Living Products and its affiliates are the largest growers, manufacturers and distributors of aloe vera products in the world. The key to Forever's success is commitment to quality and purity. With offices in over 160 countries and Forever Business Owners worldwide, our goal is to provide a healthier life for everyone! It's in our nature to share good things. Tell a friend about the Forever Products and spread the healthy benefits. That's how our social business works. One story at a time. One person to the next."
Carrier,3.9,(283 Reviews),Private,Florida + 29 more,108 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In 1902, Willis Carrier solved one of mankind’s most elusive challenges by controlling the indoor environment through modern air conditioning. His invention enabled countless industries, promoting global productivity, health and personal comfort.
Today, Carrier® innovations are found across the globe and in virtually every facet of daily life. We create comfortable and productive environments, regardless of the climate. We safeguard the global food supply by preserving the quality and freshness of food and beverages. We ensure health and well-being by enabling the proper transport and delivery of vital medical supplies under exacting conditions. We provide solutions, services and education to lead the green building movement.
These mark just a handful of the ways Carrier works to make the world a better place to live, work and play."
IIC Technologies,3.8,(283 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 15 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IIC Technologies is a CMMI level 3 rated, ISO 27001:2013, ISO 20000-1:2011 and ISO 9001:2015 accredited provider of geospatial solutions and services for the acquisition, management, integration and dissemination of geospatial data. With global presence, IIC Technologies provides end-to-end geospatial solutions to the Aeronautics, Defense, Government, Infrastructure, Marine, Oil & Gas, Transportation and Utility sectors.Over the decades IIC Technologies has gathered experience across diverse geographies and industries, in disciplines like marine and terrestrial solutions, geosurveys and geophysical surveys, software development and systems integration. Our qualified teams have developed a reputation for skilled project management, technical expertise, service quality, capacity and customer service. Our multi-disciplinary project teams pull resources from each specialty to deliver single-window solutions to clients, including the software applications (integrated with other business applications)."
Forever Living P...,4.4,(283 Reviews),Private,"Scottsdale,Arizona + 41 more",45 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Forever Living Products and its affiliates are the largest growers, manufacturers and distributors of aloe vera products in the world. The key to Forever's success is commitment to quality and purity. With offices in over 160 countries and Forever Business Owners worldwide, our goal is to provide a healthier life for everyone! It's in our nature to share good things. Tell a friend about the Forever Products and spread the healthy benefits. That's how our social business works. One story at a time. One person to the next."
Indofil Industri...,4.4,(283 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 32 more",30 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Indofil Industries Limited is uniquely placed both in Agricultural Chemicals (ABD) as well as Specialty & Performance Chemicals (SPCD) Business. As a part of K. K. Modi group, Indofil has a well-equipped manufacturing infrastructure, a result oriented Research & Development team, and an excellent domestic and international distribution network.Indofil has its export presence in more than 60 countries as suppliers of Mancozeb formulations. In India, Indofil is successful in strategic marketing of Insecticides including IGR’s, Fungicides (Mancozeb, Tricyclazole, Zineb etc.), Bactericides, Herbicides, Acaricides, Surfactants, and Plant Growth Regulators (PGR). Indofil is driven by “Crop Care Concept” in agriculture business."
Bombardier Trans...,4.2,(283 Reviews),Private,"Montreal,Berlin + 12 more",28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"With over 68,000 employees, Bombardier is a global leader in the transportation industry, creating innovative and game-changing planes and trains. Our products and services provide world-class transportation experiences that set new standards in passenger comfort, energy efficiency, reliability and safety.
Headquartered in Montreal, Canada, Bombardier has production and engineering sites in 28 countries across the segments of Transportation, Business Aircraft, Commercial Aircraft and Aerostructures and Engineering Services. Bombardier shares are traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (BBD). In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, Bombardier posted revenues of $16.2 billion US. The company is recognized on the 2019 Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations in the World Index."
Wipro Infotech L...,4.3,(283 Reviews),Gurgaon/Gurugram + 35 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Reshamandi,4.5,(283 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 23 more",3 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"India's first and only ecosystem for Fibre to Fashion & everything in Between. Our digitization is across the supply chain from farms to yarns, yarns to weaves and to our customers/consumers. 

Our objective is to 
- Improve quality of produce across natural fibre ecosystem like silk, cotton, jute, bamboo, linen Etc
- Productivity of the farmers, yarn makers and weavers
- Profitability of the customers
- Value for money for buyers/consumers"
Shriram Value Se...,4.0,(500 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 26 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Shriram Value Services is the IT & BPO subsidiary of Shriram Group. We are a CMMI-DEV1.3 Level 5 & ISO 27001 certified company with strong technology and domain expertise in Finance & Insurance. Shriram Value Services exists to help the organizations in managing their technology and their business processes.Our service portfolio comprises of Ecommerce enablement, Application development & testing services, Transaction services, HR services, IT infrastructure services, Customer Service through Phone, SMS, Email and Learning services. Shriram Value Services has its head quarters in Chennai and has pan-India presence"
Zealous Services,3.3,(282 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 3 more",16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"With our 8+ years experience with providing Business Process Outsourcing (BPO), we've developed an BPO platform which flawlessly combines Business Transformation Services, Knowledge Services, Front Office Services, Back Office Services, and Technology Enabled Services. Instead of focusing on a single aspect of the business process, Zealous Services drives performance improvement across multiple aspects of our clients business processes with integrated BPO; the primary element that separates us from our competition. Zealous Services has a proven record in: increasing revenues, reducing costs, capital utilization, maximizing customer satisfaction, and enhancing the client's overall competitive position."
Chaayos,3.9,(282 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 17 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A kadak chai and samosa shared after work, an irani chai with bun maska over meeting a prospective life partner, or a hot adrak chai in the morning to wake you up - chai was a part of every social setting for us.

Yet somewhere along the line, this rich heritage of chai addas was lost and ""Chaa""​ took a backseat - taken over by the multinational coffee chains, suddenly chai was no longer the beverage that we bonded over.

Chaayos was born in November 2012 out of this premise - a contemporary interpretation of the chai adda, serving freshly made chai. Our focus is on serving your ""Meri Wali Chai""​, a chai made exactly to our customers'​ liking the minute they place their order - be it an adrak tulsi kadak chai or a paani kam elaichi cinnamon chai. Our option of 12 add-ons gives our customers a total of over 12,000 ways to make their chai at Chaayos."
FMC,4.2,(282 Reviews),Private,Philadelphia + 63 more,14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"As a leading agricultural sciences company, FMC is committed to responding to customers' evolving needs. We are investing significant resources in discovering new active ingredients, developing innovative formulations and biologicals in addition to advancing precision agriculture technologies that support sustainable agriculture around the world. 

Our six Core Values define who we are and how we do business: Customer-Centricity, Sustainability, Respect for People, Safety, Integrity, and Agility. Collectively, these values guide us as individuals and as a team of 6,400 people around the world. It's what sets FMC apart and it's the key to our long-term growth and sustainability as a company."
Global Autotech,3.9,(282 Reviews),Private,"Greater Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 7 more",18 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Global Autotech Ltd manufactures machined HPDC parts, and Full Squeeze Casting. It is one of the largest suppliers of Piping assemblies (high & Low Pressure) , Tube connectors, Valves, Rotor, Pulley, Steel Shafts, Compressor Pistons & Swash Plates for automotive AC systems supplying to various Tier 1s. From its inception, Global Autotech has the vision to grow into one of the most dynamic organizations that will supply quality parts to a wide variety of customers across the globe."
Wellness Forever...,4.0,(282 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 22 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Officially the initiation of Wellness Forever was in Feb 2008 but the vision & mission was deep-rooted decades back by three young entrepreneurs.Retail chain pharmacy is considered as a sunrise industry in India. It is still in its nascent stage and has tremendous scope to grow in the future. At present in India, there are approximately 25 chains with total outlets aggregating to 3000.“Retail chain pharmacy has bright future since the customers can get all the required medicines at reasonable rates.”By easing FDI norms in multi-brand retail and opening up door to global chains such as Walmart and Tesco, India to see an exponential growth in retail chain pharmacy sector.Worldwide there are remarkable changes in disease pattern from the last two decades wherein a number of patients are on the higher side in the lifestyle disease category as compared to infectious or general diseases.As now, the disposable income is gradually increasing; the young generation is spending a huge amount of their income in personal care and wellness products."
BLK Super Specia...,4.0,(282 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 4 more",64 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"BLK Super Speciality Hospital is one of the largest tertiary care private hospitals in India. Spread over five acres of land, the 650 bedded Hospital is being managed by Radiant Life Care Private Limited which aims at facilitating the ongoing pursuit of excellence at the Hospital by assisting and bringing in not only the best clinical and non-clinical talent but also the ultra-modern equipment and technology enabling delivery of the highest standards of healthcare in India.

Equipped with a robust program for Bone Marrow, Liver, Kidney and Heart Transplant, BLK is also a front runner in conducting the maximum number of Neuro-endovascular Therapeutic Procedures in the region.  BLK has always been at the forefront of adopting technology be it the Robotics Surgery Systems, TomoTherapy System, TriologyTxLinear Accelerator or the Bi-Plane Neuro Interventional lab to address complex medical needs of the patients. Our infrastructure and services stand testimony to BLK’s philosophy of ‘A Passion for Healing. ‘"
Pratham Educatio...,4.4,(282 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 64 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Pratham is an innovative learning organization created to improve the quality of education in India. Established in 1995 to provide education to children in the slums of Mumbai, Pratham has grown in both scope and scale, with programs today reaching children and youth across the country.

As one of the largest non-governmental organizations in the country, Pratham focuses on high-quality, low-cost and replicable interventions to address gaps in the education system. Working  directly with children and youth as well as through large-scale collaborations with government systems, Pratham programs reach millions of lives every year. Pratham's Teaching at the Right Level (TaRL) approach has demonstrated proven impact on children's learning outcomes and is now being adapted to contexts outside India."
MAYORA,3.8,(282 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad,Telangana + 54 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 2008, INBISCO India is one of the fastest growing FMCG companies in India. Supported by a strong and wide distribution network, the products manufactured and distributed by INBISCO India have reached millions of outlets in India. INBISCO India has become the most consumer delighting and customer preferred organization in the food FMCG sector.""We strongly believe to provide consumers with high qualityproducts that are nutritious and delicious""​Our flagship brand ""KOPIKO""​ is the pioneer and market leader in the World of coffee candy. ""Choki Choki""​ is the pioneer and market leader of chocolate paste.""JoyMee""​ is an instant noodle which is not an ordinary noodle but it's an innovator of taste with fun added to it.""BIRYANEEZ Biryani noodles""​ as a concept is unique and differentiated. We are the first and the only noodles that comes with the convenience of being ‘easy to cook’ with a delicious, aromatic taste of biryani.Our other brands which includes the Tasty Danisa, Cal Cheese and JuizyMilk."
NU Vista,4.3,(281 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 51 more",49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are among the leading cement manufacturing companies in Eastern India with an installed capacity of 8 Million Metric Tonne Per Annum. Within the first two years of our commercial operations, we have achieved a market share of 6% in eastern India, which makes us the fastest growing cement company in the region. We currently operate four state-of-the-art manufacturing plants with an integrated unit at Risda, Chattisgarh and three Grinding Units located at Panagarh (West Bengal), Bhabhua (Bihar) and Jajpur(Odisha). Our current sales footprints are spread across the states of eastern India and part of Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra."
Grindwell Norton,4.1,(281 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 27 more",82 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Grindwell Norton (GNO), a company listed on the Bombay and National Stock Exchanges, pioneered the manufacture of grinding wheels in India in 1941. In 1990, Saint-Gobain acquired Norton Company, USA, worldwide and thereby became a shareholder in GNO. In 1996, Saint-Gobain increased its equity stake, making GNO its first majority-owned subsidiary in India. Today, GNO’s businesses include: Abrasives, Ceramic Materials Businesses (Silicon Carbide and Performance Ceramics & Refractories), Performance Plastics and ADFORS. The Saint-Gobain Country Head office, INDEC (the captive India IT Development Centre for the Saint-Gobain Group globally) and CertainTeed are also part of GNO. GNO’s subsidiary, Saint-Gobain Ceramic Materials Bhutan Pvt. Ltd., manufactures Silicon Carbide. The Group currently holds 51.66% of the equity capital of GNO."
ADFC,3.9,(281 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 38 more,29 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"ADFC Pvt Ltd, was set-up in the year 1998, to provide captive processing support to HDFC Bank Ltd in the areas of transaction processing; broadly covering functions of Retail Assets & Liabilities, Corporate Operations such as Clearing, Trade Finance, Cash Management Services, Treasury Operations, Depository Services and other areas of the bank where large volume transaction processing capability was required."
L&T Heavy Engine...,4.5,(281 Reviews),Hazira + 10 more,2023 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Based in multi-locations - Hazira, Vadodara, Powai, manufacturing at Hazira and Vadodara."
Teleysia Network...,3.7,(280 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 24 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Teleysia Networks has started operations since April 2008 and it is an innovative, efficient and effective solution providing telecom Consultancy Company with mission to become most preferred company for our customers and employees. We are 425 RF/Transmission/BSS engineers team and working across India, APAC and Middle east. Our in-depth understanding of technology and experience helps us to bring best practices to fastest growing wireless technology to deliver world class quality of services to maximize Network utilization and voice quality"
Vectus Industrie...,4.2,(280 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 43 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Vectus Industries Limitedis a water storage and piping solutions providercompanyin India, catering to residential, commercial,industrial, infrastructure and agricultural sectors."
CRYSTAL CROP PRO...,4.2,(280 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 50 more",43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Crystal engages in the technical manufacturing, formulation and marketing of agrochemical products – Insecticides, Fungicides, Herbicides, Plant Growth Regulators / Micro Nutrients. Under the adept guidance of Mr. Nand Kishore Aggarwal and his 38 years of rich experience, Crystal has evolved as a market leader in the growing agro-chemical industry of India over a period of time."
Ienergizer BPO S...,3.7,(280 Reviews),Noida + 8 more,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"iEnergizer is a global provider of customized Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) services focused on offering innovative solutions for business clients from around the world. Our successful delivery model offers solutions covering complete customer lifecycle across BFSI, Gaming, Automotive, Healthcare, Telecom, Consumer Durables, eCommerce, Retail and Travel verticals leveraging collaborative models that are tailored to address the unique business challenges of each client and help them build brand loyalty and improve customer experience.

We partner with our clients to help them stay ahead of the curve through transformational solutions in order to reimagine business processes and deliver increased efficiency, deeper insights and superior outcomes.

We are always persistent in our efforts towards unceasing enhancement and deliver on our promises, every time.

At iEnergizer, we believe that working with our clients is like an opportunity that helps us generate mutual business values for our clients and us."
Luxoft,4.3,(280 Reviews),LLP,Zug + 10 more,23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Luxoft is the design, data, and development arm of DXC Technology, providing bespoke, end-to-end technology solutions for mission-critical systems, products, and services.

We help create data-fueled organizations, solving complex operational, technological, and strategic challenges.

Our passion is building resilient businesses while generating new business channels and revenue streams, exceptional user experiences, and modernized operations at scale."
Five-star Busine...,4.3,(280 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 113 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Despite the numerous advancements that India has achieved over the last few decades and the significant strides that we as a country have made in the domain of financial services, a large portion of our country is still un-banked/ under-banked.

We passionately believe in the fact that “un-banked” does not necessarily mean “un-bankable”. In a country as large and as diverse as ours, it take efforts to access, understand and extend appropriate and responsible credit services to this segment. Over the last three decades, Five Star have been working as a specialized financial services company in addressing the needs of this segment, funding the people who were perceived to be unfundable. The businesses that we work with can be touched and felt in our everyday lives and are businesses that create real impact on the ground. Our customers include all the way from small shop owners, flower vendors, maids, masons to small and medium enterprises that form the backbone of India’s economy.

We are a registered Non Banking Finance Company (NBFC) with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)."
Amri Hospital,4.2,(280 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 8 more",27 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"AMRI Hospitals Ltd is the premier private healthcare provider of Eastern India, with three super specialty hospitals at Dhakuria, Mukundapur, and Salt Lake, in Kolkata, a state-of-the-art daycare centre on Southern Avenue in Kolkata, and another super specialty hospital at Bhubaneswar, Odisha. The Group takes care of around 3.5 lakh patients annually, conducting more than 15,000 successful surgeries, with a roster of more than 5,000 healthcare professionals. An impressive roster of more than 600 doctors and a well-trained force of nursing staff work tirelessly across more than 1,000 beds across its four hospitals, backed by advanced technologies and latest equipment to treat people and save lives. With major changes and developments on its plate, the AMRI Group is headed towards a path of steady growth. AMRI Hospitals is all set to add around 700 beds in the near future."
DealShare,3.3,(280 Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 34 more",5 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"How do we get India's masses to explore a tech-enabled model that enables them to buy essentials at the best prices possible?
We took this up as a challenge and added our twist to it! 

We began our journey in September of 2018 with the vision to establish a hyperlocal e-retail business that caters to India's masses. We built DealShare to be an intuitive, convenient, and vernacular platform backed by intelligent coding, powerful technology, and a team motivated to serve millions impactfully!

We gamified the shopping experiences so our users could share discounts and gain greater deals. We added vernacular browsing so our users could shop with ease. We built our platform to slowly teach users how to navigate the platform without being overwhelmed. 

We built what the masses desired. Today, with a team of 1500+ people across verticals, we serve More than 10 million people across 100+ cities.

We re-invented retail for India's millions and became one of India's quickest entrants to the Unicorn club. Our success is enabled by our strong team of diverse skills and talent. At DealShare our people enjoy an agile environment that offers new challenges each day and the freedom to choose projects and explore verticals outside their expertise. We ensure our people are always learning and growing through our hands-on approach and ensure they enjoy what they do. We are determined and relentless and our teams reiterate the drive while building solutions that enable millions to buy together, cut costs and have fun!

Charter new territories with us and lead India towards a unique e-retail experience. Embark on a career filled with unmatched opportunities, challenges, and growth.  

Explore your career at DealShare now: https://www.dealshare.in/careers#about_us"
Guidehouse,4.1,(280 Reviews),Private,"Trivandrum/Thiruvananthapuram,Kerala + 4 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Guidehouse is a leading global provider of consulting services to the public and commercial markets with broad capabilities in management, technology, and risk consulting. We help clients address their toughest challenges with a focus on markets and clients facing transformational change, technology-driven innovation, and significant regulatory pressure. Across a range of advisory, consulting, outsourcing, and technology/analytics services, we help clients create scalable, innovative solutions that prepare them for future growth and success."
Sterling,4.1,(279 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 32 more,56 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"STERLING GROUP OF COMPANIES an ISO-9001:2015 certified 100% EXPORT ORIENTED UNITS are entrepreneurship of highly qualified management & staff backing by 51 years of experience to meet the world’s requirement of Ferrous and Non-ferrous precision parts and Components (mainly Brass Based), to suit the specifications of different international standards.

Our commitment to quality, consistency, and reliability made us one of the top Exporters from India. Our Brand Name “STERLING” itself is considered as a mark of quality by all our National & International customers. We have satisfied our customer’s requirements not only by providing them quality material but also by timely deliveries & services. Our commitment to quality and timely deliveries made us leaders in National as well as in the international market, for more than 3 decades.

We strongly believe in maintaining perfection in quality and standards, which leads to achieving excellence in our profession. We at Sterling, achieved several milestones, with this attitude and belief to achieve furthermore, for which we prepared ourselves as an ISO-9001:2015 and 100% Export Oriented Unit."
Portea Medical,3.7,(279 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 19 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Portea Medical delivers quality care with compassion. We bring world class medical care into our patients’ homes and aim to make primary healthcare not only more accessible, but also more affordable and accountable to our patients’ needs.With Portea, you can be sure that you will receive hospital-quality healthcare in the comfort of your home. We provide doctors, nurses, and physiotherapists for home visits who have passed our rigorous hiring standards and have had their backgrounds and medical knowledge verified by senior doctors. We facilitate lab tests at home and medical equipment rentals, making health care more accessible for our patients."
McCain Foods,4.3,(279 Reviews),Private,Toronto + 47 more,27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At McCain Foods we know the importance that food plays in people's lives - the power it has to uplift and bring people, families, businesses and communities together. Guided by our purpose to bring enjoyment to people's lives through great tasting food, we believe that working together with our teams, business and community partners will bring sustainable growth and positive change - today, tomorrow and for generations to come. 

As a privately owned family company with over 60 years of experience, a presence in over 160 countries and a global team of 21,000 people, our values and culture are at the heart of everything we do. Our product quality, people and customer dedication help us achieve global sales in excess of CDN $9.5 billion. Through our investment and innovation, we continue to be a global leader in prepared potato products, including our famous French Fries and appetizers. 

We are passionate about supporting and developing our people-providing opportunities to grow and learn in their roles, as well as building careers for the long term."
Cvent,3.6,(279 Reviews),Private,"Fairfax,Virginia + 1 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Cvent Event Cloud offers software solutions to event planners and marketers for online event registration, venue selection, event management and marketing, onsite solutions, and attendee engagement. Cvent's suite of products automate and simplify the planning process to maximise the impact of events. The Cvent Hospitality Cloud partners with hotels and venues to help them drive MICE and corporate travel business.Hotels use the Cvent Hospitality Cloud's digital marketing tools and software solutions to win business through Cvent's sourcing platforms and to service their customers directly, efficiently and profitably – helping them grow and own their business.Cvent solutions optimise the entire event management value chain and have enabled clients around the world to manage millions of meetings and events."
Yokohama,4.0,(279 Reviews),Private,Tokyo + 26 more,106 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Enterprise Technology Solutions(ETS). Established in 1987, Yokogawa India has created the state of art global engineering center and manufacturing center in Bangalore.We have a strong marketing and service network across India. We also have a breadth of competencies to meet the technological requirement of the Indian Process Industry. Yokogawa India excels in turnkey project execution in Process Automation and Enterprise Integration with core competencies in:Design and Engineering of Process Control SystemsImplementation of Extended Enterprise ApplicationsWeb enabling & Enterprise Application Integration.Manufacturing Execution Systems Software DevelopmentProject Execution & Management of Process Control systems"
Sterling,4.1,(279 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 32 more,56 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"STERLING GROUP OF COMPANIES an ISO-9001:2015 certified 100% EXPORT ORIENTED UNITS are entrepreneurship of highly qualified management & staff backing by 51 years of experience to meet the world’s requirement of Ferrous and Non-ferrous precision parts and Components (mainly Brass Based), to suit the specifications of different international standards.

Our commitment to quality, consistency, and reliability made us one of the top Exporters from India. Our Brand Name “STERLING” itself is considered as a mark of quality by all our National & International customers. We have satisfied our customer’s requirements not only by providing them quality material but also by timely deliveries & services. Our commitment to quality and timely deliveries made us leaders in National as well as in the international market, for more than 3 decades.

We strongly believe in maintaining perfection in quality and standards, which leads to achieving excellence in our profession. We at Sterling, achieved several milestones, with this attitude and belief to achieve furthermore, for which we prepared ourselves as an ISO-9001:2015 and 100% Export Oriented Unit."
ABCI Infrastruct...,3.5,(279 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 39 more",30 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"ABCI has well equipped autonomous offices at strategic locations to effectively & efficiently serve its customer spread across the Northeast.

ABCI has to its credit many projects in industrial, power, infrastructure sectors and is always acknowledged as a reliable & professional construction company by discerning & quality conscious market."
Rackspace,4.1,(279 Reviews),Private,"San Antonio,Texas + 7 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Rackspace Technology is the multicloud solutions expert. We combine our expertise with the world’s leading technologies- across applications, data and security- to deliver end-to-end multicloud solutions. We have a proven record of advising customers based on their business challenges, designing solutions that scale, building and managing those solutions, and optimizing returns into the future.

As a global, multicloud technology services pioneer, we deliver the innovative capabilities of the cloud to help customers build new revenue streams, increase efficiency and create incredible experiences. Everything we do is wrapped in our obsession with our customers’ success – Fanatical Experience™ – so they can work faster, smarter and stay ahead of what’s next. We’re honored to be one of the best places to work year after year according to Fortune, Forbes, and Glassdoor."
Apollo Health an...,4.2,(279 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 41 more",21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Apollo Health and Lifestyle Limited (AHLL), a subsidiary of Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Limited (AHEL), is one of the largest players in the retail healthcare segment in India. The Company today runs the largest chain of standardized primary health care Models – Multi specialty Clinics, under the brand name “Apollo Clinic” in the India & the Middle East, Diabetes Management Clinics under Apollo Sugar and Diagnostic Centers under Apollo Diagnostics. The Company also Operates Specialty formats under Apollo Cradle (a Center for Women &  Children) and Apollo Spectra Hospitals (a hospital for minimally invasive surgeries).
In India, the healthcare industry is undergoing a revolutionary change mainly due to the rising income levels, increasing awareness on lifestyle diseases, changing attitude from prescriptive to preventive healthcare, growing insurance market and increasing government spending on healthcare. New and innovative healthcare delivery models are coming in the market including planned surgical centers, similar to the Ambulatory surgery centers in the U.S..
Our visionary Founder Chairman Dr. Prathap C. Reddy identified the retail healthcare opportunity long before others and thus Apollo Clinics were established as a network. Since setup of its first Clinic in 2002, AHLL has experienced significant growth and come a long way not only in terms its geographical footprint and number of centers but also in the variety of service delivery formats it operates today. The recent acquisition of Nova Specialty Hospitals by AHLL places the Company as the largest player in multi-specialty planned surgical centers in India. In the last 4 years, the business has expanded from 2 formats to 5 formats and established leadership in practically every segment that it operates in."
National Collate...,3.9,(279 Reviews),Mumbai + 65 more,19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"The National Collateral Management Services Limited (NCML) is the country’s leading organisation providing a bouquet of commodity based services under a single umbrella. Since its incorporation in 2004, NCML has empowered a multitude of stakeholders in the commodity value chain in managing their risks. NCML is governed by an independent and professional Board. Fairfax India, has a majority ownership interest and management control in National Collateral Management Services Limited (NCML). Fairfax India, is a Group Company of the Prem Watsa led Fairfax Financial Holdings which is based in Toronto, Canada and is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Fairfax India is an investment holding company whose objective is to achieve long-term capital appreciation, while preserving capital, by investing in public and private equity securities and debt instruments in India and Indian businesses or other businesses with customers, suppliers or business primarily conducted in, or dependent on, India."
Suraksha Diagnos...,3.4,(278 Reviews),Private,Kolkata + 20 more,31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1992 as Suraksha Diagnostics & Eye Centre (P) Ltd. in Kolkata, we started as one of the first diagnostic centers in Kolkata to provide all pathology and radiology services under one roof. This convenience, along with our unwavering commitment to accuracy and service, resulted in steady growth and popularity. Within 3 years we could confidently open a second Center at Siliguri, in North Bengal, which remains the largest such facility in the region, and today serves not only to patients from North Bengal, but also neighbouring States and countries. Since then we have grown steadily across Bengal, Bihar, and Delhi NCR."
Havmor Ice Cream,4.1,(278 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 45 more",79 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Havmor ice cream, now a part of Lotte Confectionery Ltd, is one of the largest ice-cream brands in India. Over several years of its existence, the brand has worked tirelessly to deliver a differentiated product to its consumers – always keeping things real. With its last campaign, the brand introduced ‘The Cool Gaiz (cows)’ and repositioned itself as an ice cream ‘Made of Milk’ which reflects the core brand philosophy and what the brand has always stood for. 

In the last decade, Havmor has grown ten-fold, establishing a strong brand presence and emerging as one of the fastest growing, most loved ice cream brand of the country. It is one of the few brands which operates both in retail with a network of over 40,000 ice cream outlets and a franchisee parlour model. Currently, it operates 250+ flagship ice cream parlors across the country with a plan to add at least 100 more by 2020.

While innovation forms the essence of every creation at Havmor, the brand ensures to introduce real innovations to its consumers with products ranging from a ‘paan ice cream’, ‘ladoo ice cream’ to premium flavours like Belgian dark chocolate, mocha or hazelnut chiffon. This guarantees the brand caters to audiences across spectrums and with its wide reach and making it accessible to every ice cream lover making it truly a national brand."
ASG Eye Hospital,4.0,(278 Reviews),Private,Jodhpur + 46 more,18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ASG Eye Hospitals is a chain of super- specialty eye hospital serving in many Cities in India It was started by eye experts from AIIMS, New Delhi and has its expansion in North and North East India, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Bihar and Assam. This group offers expert ophthalmic care for a wide range of ocular sub-specialties. It provides comprehensive diagnosis, treatment and surgical services through cutting edge technology, Ophthalmic care requires highly skilled and trained professionals and ASG provides world-class surgeons having vast surgical experience and expertise.ASG has been awarded the “Young Entrepreneur Award” for the year 2013 by the Times of India. It has also been bestowed upon with the “All India Achievers Award” in 2009-10. Recently, ” Rajiv Gandhi Gold Medal Award” has also been received for Medicine & Management."
Allianz Services,4.2,(278 Reviews),Private,"Munich,Germany + 4 more",2023 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Allianz Services’ mission is to be the global services platform for Allianz Group, to improve & run operations, drive productivity, create a superior customer experience, and contribute to the transformation of Allianz. Allianz Services Pvt Ltd in India is the largest centre of competence for Allianz Services, which also operates in Romania, Mauritius, Morocco, Italy, France, Singapore, Germany, and the United States. Allianz Consulting, the internal consulting division delivering management consulting services across the full value chain and to all Allianz entities worldwide, is also a part of Allianz Services.

Allianz, the number one insurance brand in the world (1), is one of the leading integrated financial services providers worldwide and is headquartered in Munich, Germany. Its core businesses are insurance and asset management. Allianz Services is a company of the Allianz Technology group which provides IT and business services to Allianz across the globe.

In India, Allianz Services Private Limited operates from Trivandrum and Pune and is an ISO: 27001, ISO: 9001, ISO 22301, ISO 14001: Environmental Management System, CMMI Level 3, and an e-SCM Level 5 Certified organization with 17 national-level recognition on Continuous Improvement by the prestigious Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) in 2021 and 2022. Allianz Services India is a center of competence for Insurance Operations, Business Consulting, Business Analytics, and Financial Business Services. The organization is Great Place to Work-CertifiedTM in 2020 and recertified in 2021 and 2022 by the Great Place to Work® Institute, India (2) with a Trust Index Score of 84%. We were featured among India’s Top 75 Best Workplaces in IT & IT-BPM (Business Process Management), 2020(3), India’s Top 100 Best Workplaces™ for its Business Process Management (BPM) expertise in the IT & IT-BPM segment in 2022 one among the Top 50 India's Best Workplaces™ for Women in 2022(4). . We are also accredited for Inclusive Practices™ as part of Great Place to Work® Institute, India’s - D, E&I assessment, and recognition program. We were also enlisted in the 100 Best Companies for Women in India (BCWI) in  2020, and by Working Mother & Avtar(5) studies, which recognizes and honours companies that are frontrunners in attracting, retaining, and developing women talent. In 2022, we are among the ‘2022 Avtar & Seramount 100 Best Companies for Women in India’. Allianz Services as a global company received EDGE Certification (6) in 2022  for gender representation, pay equity, culture inclusiveness, and effective policies and practices.

In 2019 Allianz Services Private Limited was recognized among the Top 20 Most Admired Shared Services globally by a bench marking study of SSON Analytics(6). At national level in 2019 the company bagged top 2 honours in the NASSCOM GCC Conclave under the categories ‘Transformation Catalyst’ & ‘Learning and Skill Development’. We are the title winner for the Excellence Awards 2022 by eWIT & NASSCOM.  Allianz Services India won three Gold, three Silver, one Bronze and a Grand Stevie at the International Stevie Awards (7) for Sales & Customer Service in 2022. We also received ‘Silver Stevie Winners’ for the achievement in D, E&I at 2022 International Business Awards. The organization had received Gold prize previously at the 2019 Stevie Awards. In 2022, Allianz Services India received OPEX Team of the Year Award at the 7th Annual Global Process Improvement & Operational Excellence Summit 2022 by CParity.

We are listed as ’HR Asia Best Companies to Work for in 2022 Awards’ - India Edition. In 2021 and 2022, Allianz Services India was recognized with three awards at the 3rd Annual Diversity and Inclusion Summit and Awards 2021 by Transformance Forums. In 2022, Allianz Services India was awarded a Gold and Silver at Brandon Hall Group Excellence Awards 2022 for the Learning & Development and D, E&I initiatives respectively. We received two Platinum medals at SEEM National Energy Management Award in 2022."
Sona Koyo Steeri...,4.1,(277 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 13 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"JTEKT India Limited (formerly known as Sona Koyo Steering Systems) is a part of JTEKT Corporation Japan and operates as part of JTEKT Group India. It is engaged in the business of manufacturing / production, supply and sale of steering systems, viz. steering gears, columns and RPS assemblies, axle assemblies and other auto ancillaries to almost all Indian passenger car and utility vehicle manufacturers"
Kokilaben Dhirub...,3.9,(277 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 11 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Inaugurated in January 2009, the Hospital is a significant social initiative from Reliance Group. It is designed to raise India's global standing as a healthcare destination, with emphasis on excellence in clinical services, diagnostic facilities and research activities.  We are the only hospital in Mumbai to function with a FULL TIME SPECIALIST SYSTEM,that ensures the availability and access to the best medical talent around-the-clock.The 750-bed hospital has over 103 full-time doctors, 520 nurses and about 200 paramedics, and growing."
Prism Cement,3.8,(277 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 42 more,26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"""Prism Johnson Limited (Formerly Prism Cement Limited) is professionally managed Company promoted by the Rajan Raheja Group. Prism Johnson Limited (Formerly Prism Cement Limited) is India's largest integrated Building Materials Company with a wide range from cement, ready-mixed concrete, tiles & bath products. The Company has three Divisions, viz. Cement, H & R Johnson (India), and RMC (India).

The Cement Division of the Company operates one of the largest single kiln cement plants in the country at Satna, Madhya Pradesh. The Division also has a packing unit at Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh. Equipped with machinery and technical support from world leaders, F. L. Smidth & Co. A/S, Denmark, Prism Cement has created a niche for itself in the cement industry.

Prism Cement primarily caters to the demand in the Northern Region, mainly in the States of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Madhya Pradesh. Its first line was commissioned in year 1997 with a clinker production capacity of 6000 tpd. It was increased to 13200 tpd after commissioning of second line in January 2011. It presently produces 5.6 million tonnes of cement per annum. The capacity expansion has established the Division's brand in new markets and to a larger consumer base.

A team of experienced engineers and a dedicated workforce combined with a high level of automation and sophisticated control systems have placed the Division's products in the premium segment.

Prism Cement has successfully established a high brand preference among its consumers through its excellent quality products and transparent policies."""
Aramex,3.9,(277 Reviews),Private,Dubai + 46 more,41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aramex has rapidly grown into a global brand, recognized for its customized services and innovative products. Listed on the Dubai Financial Market (DFM) and based in the UAE, Aramex is centrally located at the crossroads between East and West, which allows us to provide customized logistics solutions anywhere in the world effectively and reach more businesses and consumers regionally and globally.

We are committed to continually enhancing our operations across the region while pursuing opportunities for business growth in emerging markets abroad. This approach is core to the sustainable development of our business and commitment to facilitating wider, global trade in an ever-changing world."
SABIC,4.3,(277 Reviews),Private,Riyadh + 15 more,47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SABIC is a global leader in chemicals headquartered in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. From making cars and planes more fuel-efficient, to helping conserve the world’s water supply and enabling colorful smartphone cases, we find solutions to the challenges of today to help our customers achieve their ambitions and build a better tomorrow"
North East Small...,4.0,(277 Reviews),Private,"Guwahati,Assam + 49 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"North East Small Finance Bank Limited is the wholly owned subsidiary of RGVN (North East) Microfinance Limited. The only institution from North-Eastern state of India to receive “In-principle approval” to set up Small Finance Bank from Reserve Bank of India on September 16, 2015. NESFB primarily focuses in North East India, creating & facilitating better livelihood opportunities and banking services at their doorsteps, thus making North East, a financially included region. The bank has more than 155 Branch Network spread across nine states including eight states from the Northeast and West Bengal (North Bengal) with a portfolio outstanding of INR 1089 crore, touching & improving lives of over 5.21 Lakh clients. North East Small Finance Bank Limited came into existence in 17th Oct 2017. Some of the most reputed organizations in India and abroad viz. SIDBI Venture Capital Limited (Samirdhi Fund), M/s RNT Associates Private Limited, M/s PI Venture LLC, Norwegian Micro Finance Initiative, M/s Dia Vikas Capital and IDBI Bank have expressed their confidence and invested in the bank. In June 2018, Tata Trust’s Chairman Ratan Tata and Assam's Finance Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma formally launched the retail banking business. The company intends to extend its services and products to the doorstep of the customer in rural areas."
Hyundai Engineer...,4.4,(277 Reviews),Abu Dhabi + 22 more,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
HP India Sales,4.3,(277 Reviews),Private,Bengaluru + 37 more,26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"HP India Sales Private Limited provides electronic consumer products. The Company offers desktops, printers, ink, toner, displays, and other accessories. HP India Sales serves clients worldwide."
Miles Education ...,4.4,(277 Reviews),Private,"Bengaluru/Bangalore,Karnataka + 12 more",12 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Miles Education’s core vision is to up-skill students and professionals to help them become future-ready driving industry innovations and revolutions. Founded by Harvard and Stanford alumni, Varun Jain and Meenakshi Jain - Miles offers globally recognized certifications in the areas of F&A (US CPA, US CMA, CFA, FRM), Analytics, and Emerging Technologies (XLRI | Delhi-NCR partnered programs).

Miles has offices and face-to-face training centers across India, the Middle East, and the USA, and delivers live online training to candidates across the world. Miles has partnered with 200 MNCs (including Big 4 & Global Fortune 500 companies) for the training of their working professionals, and placement of Miles alumni.

Miles has also partnered with 70+ universities and autonomous colleges for upskilling of students via university programs integrated with skill-based offerings."
Diya Systems,3.7,(276 Reviews),Private,"Mangaluru/Mangalore,Karnataka + 6 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Diya Systems is a fully owned subsidiary of GlowTouch, an award-winning technology services firm delivering custom technology services to business of all sizes around the globe. Diya Systems is headquartered in Mangalore, India and provides custom application development services, customer and technical support, business process outsourcing, website development, IT infrastructure services and more.

With GlowTouch headquartered in Louisville, KY, and Diya’s state-of-the-art development center in Mangalore, we are uniquely positioned to deliver unparalleled value to our customers. Combining our seasoned U.S.-based project managers with our expert development team in Mangalore allows us to provide customers with the optimal combination of cost savings and customer service.

Collaborating with businesses of all sizes, Diya Systems provides the perfect combination of technical expertise and resources to navigate the most complex IT challenges quickly and inexpensively. Diya’s expanding client roster currently features a diverse collection of companies, ranging from start-ups to Fortune 100’s.

Having garnered numerous industry accolades and superlatives has validated our commitment to delivering results-oriented development services that provide immense value to our customers."
Northern Trust,4.1,(276 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 4 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Hero Cycles,3.6,(276 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 31 more",67 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1956 in Ludhiana, Hero Cycles started with manufacturing cycle components slowly paving its way onto becoming the one of the ‘Best Cycle Brand’ in India. Today, Hero Cycles is undoubtedly the largest manufacturer of bicycles in India producing 5.2 million cycles per annum.

Starting from a small unit to creating a huge global footprint, Hero Cycles production unit in Ludhiana is fully equipped with an in-house R&D facility producing major bicycle components within its premise under stringent quality parameters complying with all global standards.

At present, Hero cycles exports to over 70 countries including Germany, Poland, Africa, and Finland with an approximate network of over 250 suppliers and 2800 dealerships. Moreover, Hero Cycles is ISO9001 & ISO14001 Certified from BVC of UK and recognised by the R&D department by the Govt. of India.

Hero Cycles has also entered into Mid Premium, Premium & Super Premium segment under the brand names Hero Sprint, Hero Sprint Pro & UT (formerly called Urbantrail). As part of strategy to further cement its position in the fast-growing premium cycling segment in India, Hero Cycles also acquired Firefox Bikes - India’s largest premium bicycle brand. Firefox Bikes has an established presence Pan-India through a network of 160 outlets, has been growingat a 3-year CAGR of 35%."
DB Schenker,4.2,(276 Reviews),Private,Essen + 26 more,33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"DB Schenker is the world’s leading global logistics provider — we support industry and trade in the global exchange of goods through land transport, worldwide air and ocean freight, contract logistics and supply chain management. 
Integrated logistics resides at the world’s most important intersections, where the flow of goods creates an effective link between carriers. Our value-added services ensure the flow of goods continues seamlessly and supply chains stay lean and optimized for success. Our business holds top positions in automotive, technology, consumer goods, trade fair logistics, special transports, and special events logistics."
Railtel Corporat...,3.9,(276 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 55 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"It is Public Sector Undertaking, under the Ministry of Railways, Government of India. It is primarily engaged in providing telecom services, specially to government departments, in addition to our Administrative Ministry. We are providing Long-Distance Leased circuits, dedicated leased line based Internet services, MPLS-based secured VPN services. We are presently engaged in various prestigious projects of Govt. of India, including National Knowledge Network being executed by NIC, Universal Service Obligation funded project in North East and more recently with National Optical Fiber Network (for providing fiber connectivity to panchayats)."
Data Entry,3.8,(276 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 77 more,24 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Data-Entry-India.com, a division of SunTec India, offers a comprehensive suite of data entry and document conversion services to a worldwide clientele. Since its inception in 1999, SunTec has served over thousands of clients including some Fortune 500 companies. Based in New Delhi, the capital of India, we have access to a rich talent pool of data entry professionals.

Data-Entry-India.Com is a reputed name in data entry outsourcing and related services. Making a humble start in 1999 with 17 odd people, today we have grown to a vibrant organization of 1200+ employees. In this journey of more than 20 years, we have served industry verticals across the board with quality services.

We possess state-of -the art infrastructure and are well-versed with the latest technology which is helpful in the services we provide by increasing our efficiency, productivity and profitability.

Our experience and expertise has gained us a reputation of providing high quality and economically sound data entry, data conversion and related services to innumerable clients all over the globe. Data-Entry-India.com has successfully executed a number of projects for various clients by setting up Offshore Dedicated Teams for them.

In this ODT model, you can have access to one or more of our personnel, who will work exclusively for you on your projects, thus becoming extensions to your office in a way. This model saves you around one-third of your costs and takes the burden of mundane jobs away from your shoulders.

We offer customized business models to our clients to suit their specific business strategies, kind and scope of project and time frames. Depending upon your specifications and requirements, you can choose one of the following business models:

Time and Materials Basis: In this model, the client would pay as per the time spent on the project and the resources utilized. It is basically used for projects where requirements are either unclear or bound to change, or any changes being made in the nature and scope of work, staff requirements and anticipated duration of the project.

Fixed Cost/ Offshore Dedicated Basis: In this model, the client would pay a fixed cost per month. This model is basically used for long-term engagements where our team works full-time exclusively on the client's project. The benefit of this model is that it offers competitive rates and guarantees full control over the entire process, ensuring high quality and efficiency of the work performed. At Data-Entry-India.com, we believe that we can answer that question. Not just in Words, but in Action."
V.S.T Tillers Tr...,3.5,(275 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 33 more",56 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"VST Tillers Tractors Ltd. was established in the year 1967 by the VST Group of companies, a well known century old business house in South India."
Nash Industries,3.8,(275 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 9 more",52 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Nash Industries (I) Pvt. Ltd. is a 50 Million USD Indian company established in 1971 headquartered at Bangalore, INDIA. Nash has 6 major manufacturing locations in Bangalore, INDIAProduct line includes stamping, light fabrication, heavy fabrication, pipe/tube bending, assemblies & sub-assembliesFacilities include stamping, lazer cutting, CNC turret punching, CNC bending, Welding, powder coating, shot blasting, phosphating, liquid painting, ultrasonic cleaning, brazing, pipe/tube bending, assemblies & sub-assembliesCertification – ISO 9001, ISO/TS 16949 & AS9100C certifiedSales contribution – 76% domestic, 24% exports"
Boeing,3.9,(277 Reviews),Public,"Arlington,VA + 5 more",107 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"We innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity, and inclusion are shared values. 

We are growing in India and hiring people whose ideas will fuel the future of aerospace innovation. We are constantly working to strengthen our commitment to equity, diversity & inclusion. Strong representation of our growing customer base starts with internal representation first. We welcome people from diverse backgrounds to join us where you can be part of a just and inclusive culture while doing work that makes a difference."
Diffusion Engine...,4.4,(274 Reviews),Private,"Nagpur,Maharashtra + 27 more",40 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Diffusion Engineers Limited, an IMS certified Company, pioneered the concept of Superconditioning in India. The new-generation Superconditioning materials and techniques offered by the Company enormously enhance the life of worn-out equipment and components. Diffusion offers a wide range of Lo Temp and Anti-wear alloys to suit the reclamation needs of industries like cement, power, sugar, mining, railways, steel and shipping.

A team of competent engineers located at Chennai, Faridabad, Jamshedpur, Nagpur, Pune, Secunderabad and Vadodara formed the backbone of Diffusion products and reclamation services. Further, the company has established a nationwide network of distributors and dealers to address every customer’s need. Dealers & services are also available in South-East Asian countries, the Middle East and Africa."
Minda Furukawa E...,4.0,(274 Reviews),Private,"Rewari,Haryana + 10 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The compnay is mmanufacturere of Wire Harrness & supplier to Maruiti, Nissan & others"
Syneos Health,4.1,(274 Reviews),Private,"Morrisville,North Carolina + 4 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Syneos Health® is an end-to-end, fully integrated biopharmaceutical solutions company that works differently. At Syneos Health, all the disciplines involved in bringing new therapies to market, from clinical to commercial, work together to create customer success. Our unique Biopharmaceutical Acceleration Model delivers value across the small to mid-size to large customer continuum."
Gupta Power Infr...,3.4,(274 Reviews),Private,"Bhubaneswar,Odisha + 31 more",62 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Gupta Power offers a single window solution for all types of Electrical needs through its inimitable product offering that includes Overhead Conductors, HT-LT Power Cables upto 66 KV, Instrumentation Cables, Mining Cables, Thermocouple Cables, Airfield Lighting Cables, Railway Signaling Cables & Specialized Cables. With its own EPC Division, GPIL provides the turnkey solutions to Power Infrastructure Projects."
Honda Logistics,3.9,(274 Reviews),Private,"Alwar,Rajasthan + 18 more",18 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Subsidiary of Honda Logistics Inc. Japan. Honda Logistics India Pvt. Ltd. is engaged in the business of packing, storage, assembly, transportation and distribution of parts for HONDA Group companies in India. The company is presently having operations at Greater Noida (UP), Tapukara (RAJ), Narsapura (KA), Manesar (HR)"
Pathkind Diagnos...,4.0,(274 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 65 more",7 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"To be a Trusted Brand having Pan-India footprint, making Superior Quality Diagnostics Services Accessible to the masses at Affordable Price through Innovative means."
JBS Enterprises,3.6,(274 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 45 more",36 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"We, at JBS Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., pride ourselves in providing the technical solutions for EHV substations and transmission lines that is the best value for money to our clients. Along with aiming to be the most trustworthy service provider in the market segment, we are motivated to ensure peace of mind to our clients, stakeholders, and our employees. Established in the year 1987, in the field of Electrical Power Sector, we have since then developed our skill sets at par with the best in the business and have led the way to implement the most advanced technology and systems available in the field."
Bharat FIH,4.0,(274 Reviews),Chennai + 11 more,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
PTC,4.3,(273 Reviews),Public,"Boston,Massachusetts + 26 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"For over 30 years, PTC has been enabling customers to stay ahead of the competition. As a digital transformation technology leader, PTC’s vision, logo, and portfolio of technologies are all aligned on the same concept: opportunities for industrial innovation live at the convergence of the physical and digital. This convergence impacts the products, processes, and people across industrial companies. 
 
With PTC, and its partner ecosystem, manufacturers can capitalize on the promise of today's new technology to drive digital transformation."
Emaar MGF,3.8,(273 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 13 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Emaar is a pioneer in shaping skylines and lifestyles worldwide, developing vibrant communities that have redefined real estate development. Like the iconic Burj Khalifa, the world’s highest structure; Dubai Fountain, the world’s tallest performing fountain; Dubai Mall, the world’s largest shopping and entertainment destination; and Dubai Downtown, the city’s premier large scale mixed use complex.  Emaar properties are prized for their thoughtful architecture, excellent engineering and impeccable execution. Today, more than 40600 proud families in 12 countries across the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Europe, USA and Canada have opted to live in an Emaar home. 2400 discerning travellers choose to check into an Emaar hotel property. And a land bank of more than 196 million square feet is entrusted to Emaar for development.  This trust translates into impressive results. Emaar is among the world’s top 20 real estate companies, with a market capitalization of over USD 14.3 billion and assets valued at over USD 26 billion.  Emaar invests and develops properties, provides property management services, engages in education, healthcare and hospitality services and invests in financial services providers. In each endeavour, it is engaged in a constant quest for the extraordinary.  In India, Emaar is focused on developing residential and commercial projects in Delhi / NCR, Mohali, Hyderabad, Chennai, Lucknow, Indore and Jaipur."
Kirloskar Toyota...,4.5,(273 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 6 more",28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Namaskara!KTTM is very significant for TICO group as it is the first company to be set-up in India and is the only manufacturing plant for Ring Frames in TICO group.Our challenge is to be Global No. 1 Ring Frame manufacturing company by 2020 with our guiding principle “MDDS”.“M” - Make in India“D” - Do it by India“D” - Develop by India“S” - Sales and Service by India“MDDS” commits KTTM to be the best performing Ring Frame manufacturing company in the world exceeding quality expectations of our valued customers.KTTM, as a responsible corporate citizen, is involved in many CSR initiatives such as rejuvenation of lakes in our neighborhood, support to provide quality education in the local area, to improve health awareness etc.,KTTM is committed to create “Swachh Neighborhood” and our employees are voluntarily involved in cleaning up activities with a message to the society to take own initiatives towards building “SUSTAINABLE & CLEAN ENVIRONMENT”."
Matrix Business ...,3.7,(273 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 19 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Matrix is a passionate team of professionals providing People, Product, and Process assurance services for enterprises across different industry segments for better compliance and risk mitigation.Listed by NASSCOM as one of the ""Emerge 50"" companies, Matrix has its headquarters in Chennai.Matrix was assigned a D&B Rating 4A2 in a recent Dunn and Bradstreet evaluation, classifying the company as ‘good”."
Aditya Birla Min...,4.5,(273 Reviews),Private,Bellandur + 10 more,42 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Mumbai: ABNL IT & ITeS Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Aditya Birla Nuvo Ltd. (ABNL), today announced that it has entered into an agreement to divest its IT-ITeS subsidiary, Aditya Birla Minacs Worldwide Limited, subject to customary closing conditions, third party consents and regulatory approvals. Pursuant to a share purchase agreement with a group of financial investors led by Capital Square Partners (CSP) and CX Partners (CXP), ABNL IT & ITeS Ltd will divest Aditya Birla Minacs at an Enterprise Value of US$260 million subject to the working capital adjustments.  Aditya Birla Nuvo, a US$4.75 billion conglomerate, entered the ITeS sector in 2003 through acquisition of TransWorks, a US$12 million company. Later to provide scale to the business, TransWorks acquired Minacs, a US$265 million company in 2006. Committed to its turnaround and growth, ABNL supported Minacs over the years, to attain revenue of ~US$450 million (Rs.2,466 crore) and net profit of ~US$23 million (Rs.125 crore) in fiscal 2012-13.  Today, Aditya Birla Minacs has risen to the stature of a global business solutions provider that partners with global corporations through its 35 centres spanning 10 countries across three continents. To further expand its scale, enhance its competitive advantage and attain the next level of growth, Minacs requires capital investments."
QuEST Global Eng...,3.8,(273 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 9 more,26 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,N/A
RSB Transmission...,3.8,(273 Reviews),Pune + 15 more,49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"In 1975, Mr. R. K. Behera, a young mechanical engineer from NIT, Jamshedpur, hailing from a humble service oriented middle class family, shunned the security of a job and plunged into the hurly burly of high-risk and high-reward business arena and founded International Auto in Jamshedpur with 15 people and 500 square feet of workspace.  Inspired and motivated by the benevolent ideals of the legendry JRD and obsessed with an incorrigible and irrepressible passion to create a world class industrial edifice, R. K. Behera along with his brother S. K. Behera set about meticulously crafting the present-day RSB enterprise brick by brick. Toughened by the early trials and tribulations and propelled by nothing-is-impossible spirit of the Behera brothers, RSB has now blossomed into a pulsating and throbbing global engineering institution in automotive components and systems and construction equipment aggregates.  RSB now boasts of manufacturing facilities in six different locations in India and one in the USA with 85,000 square metres of workspace. Latest technologies and human resources are working together around the world passionately to create an enduring institution."
Munjal Showa,3.9,(273 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 11 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1985, in technical and financial collaboration with Showa Corporation of Japan, the pioneering global leaders in the manufacture of shock absorbers, Munjal Showa Limited is a member of Hero Group, a US $ 1.3 billion manufacturing conglomerate, with a 45-year history. The Hero Group, a major player in the manufacturing sector in India, comprises of 15 active companies with complete backward integration for automotive manufacturing. Prime companies in the Group are: Hero Honda Motors Limited, a joint venture with Honda Motors of Japan, Hero Cycles, the largest bicycle manufacturer in the world, Majestic Auto Limited and Hero Puch, manufacturing mopeds and scooters."
Powerweave,3.6,(272 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 3 more",22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Pioneering in web technologies and graphics outsourcing, we work where the best talent is available, where it makes the best economic sense, with the least amount of acceptable risk. We focus on your goals and we deliver results We work closely with you to understand your business and its objectives. We then build solid strategies to meet your goals and specifications. With over 200 satisfied customers we know how to get you to the top of your niche! We are experts in what we do Domain experts, professional team of web designers and developers, cutting edge technology, software developers, 10 years of solid experience, over 300 websites and 200 clients that we have serviced – your search for internet experts ends here!"
Nivea,4.3,(272 Reviews),Private,Hamburg + 40 more,141 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"As one of the leading companies in the field of skin care – with more than 130 years of experience – our products always cater for the needs of our consumers, who place a great deal of faith in us. NIVEA is the world’s largest skin care brand which uses ingredients inspired by nature to work in harmony with skin, body and life to make you look and feel more beautiful. Our employees enjoy working at NIVEA and are proud of the Company, its values, and its brands. Their performance and commitment drive NIVEA’s development. We encourage this performance with challenging tasks and broad responsibilities that enable our employees to raise the bar in all fields of our business - every day, right from the start. Our working atmosphere is a unique mix of winning spirit and team work - performance driven and friendly at the same time."
1 India Family M...,3.9,(272 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 55 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Nysaa Retail Private Limited, the holding company of 1-India Family Mart, the fastest growing Value Retail Chain in India, was established in 2012 with a vision of providing Fresh and Affordable Fashion and General Merchandise to its customers. The Value Retail Chain began operations in 2013.The company established its first store in Uttar Pradesh and soon expanded operations across Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Uttarakhand, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha and the North East. Currently, 1-India Family Mart has 101 stores across 13 State of India.1-India Family Mart is committed to providing the latest range of affordable fresh fashion apparels, lifestyle products and general merchandise to its customer across India.Being an idea-driven firm with customer centricity at the core of its operations, 1-India Family Mart is probably the only value retail chain that uses big data to analyze buying habits and trends, to be the first in the market to come up with innovative lifestyle products and general merchandise at the most affordable prices.From a handful of employees in 2013 to close to 1600 employees today, the company has one of the lowest attrition rates in the retail industry. 1-India Family Mart is committed towards incorporating global best practices across the organization."
Paharpur Cooling...,3.9,(342 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 32 more",75 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1948, Paharpur Cooling Towers Ltd. is the world’s largest manufacturer of process cooling equipment with exports to over 50 countries around the world. In its seven decades of existence, out of which more than 40 years in designing and manufacturing of evaporative water cooling towers and other products related to water processing, Paharpur has come to be acknowledged as the pioneer in the Indian cooling tower industry. 6 FULLY INTEGRATED MANUFACTURING PLANTS AROUND THE WORLD With the complete range of wet and dry cooling technology, Paharpur caters to every cooling need of industries the world over. Industrial giants around the world rely on Paharpur’s cooling solutions & services. Often looking to us to provide customised solutions in the face of critical cooling challenges. We help our clients stay ahead of the curve by being an unmatched technological power. As industry leader, we strive every day to stay at the cutting edge of cooling tower technology, continuously refining our designs and pushing the boundaries of manufacturing to obtain better performance. PAHARPUR’S INSTALLED CAPACITY : 1080 BILLION LITRES PER DAY More than 50% of India’s power generation capacity is served by a Paharpur product. Paharpur is a truly global company with diversified interests in wind energy, real estate, forestry and flexible packaging. MORE THAN 4,400 MAN-YEARS OF ENGINEERING EXPERIENCE Paharpur has made significant contributions to industries around the world, driving production, enhancing capacities and overcoming challenges by leveraging the power of innovative engineering and expert manufacturing."
Radico Khaitan,4.1,(271 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 42 more",80 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Radico Khaitan Limited (RKL) is one of the oldest and the largest manufacturers of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) in India. Earlier known as Rampur Distillery, RKL commenced its operations in 1943, and over the years emerged as a major bulk spirits supplier and bottler to other spirit manufacturers. Radico Khaitan Limited has come a long way in its exceptional journey of growth and brand creation to become one of the most admired liquor brands across India. It is one of the few companies in India to have developed its entire brand portfolio organically. With over 15 brands and their distinct variants, the rich history of 75 years continues to set the pace for today and shape the business outlook for tomorrow. Radico Khaitan Limited is also one of the largest providers of branded IMFL to the Canteen Stores Department (“CSD”), which has significant business barriers to entry. The company has been successfully building its brand equity in international markets and currently exports its products to over 85 countries. The Company currently has two distilleries- Rampur Distillery in Rampur (Uttar Pradesh) and Radico NV Distilleries Maharashtra Limited, a joint venture with RNV in Aurangabad (Maharashtra) in which Radico Khaitan Limited owns 36% equity. The company has a total capacity of over 157 million litres and operates 28 bottling units, spread across the country. Business Today Magazine, a leading business magazine from the India Today Group listed Radico Khaitan Limited among top 500 in the list of India’s most valuable companies."
Ventura Securiti...,4.1,(271 Reviews),Public,Thane + 38 more,29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ventura Securities Limited operates as a brokerage firm. The Company provides a complete array of financial products and services, as well as facilitates clients to trade in equity online."
Bharat Fritz Wer...,3.9,(271 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 10 more",62 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"BFW was born in 1961 to realise the dream of a young economy that was on the cusp of industrialisation. Ever since, we’ve been at the heart of manufacturing. We’ve supported the growth of the Indian industry by creating the machine tools vital for industries, across verticals - from plastic buckets to aerospace projects.
We are a progress-first establishment. We do whatever it takes to enable progress by acquiring new technology to serve customers better and investing in an R&D Center to create next-gen technology. At BFW, we ensure progress at every step, with every innovation."
Khadims,3.9,(271 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 45 more",58 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Khadim’s was established in 1965 with the acquisition of a small shop in Chitpur by Satya Prasad Roy Burman. Today, Khadim's has over 750 retail outlets in 23 states and 1 union territory, making it one of the leaders in organized footwear retailing in India.~Our Business Values~Our ideology is simple: to make shoes that fit everyone, in style, quality and price. We are primarily a Family Brand, delivering footwear for kids, teenagers, adults and seniors in a wide variety of designs and styles serving a range of utility - basic, formal, semi-formal, casual and different occasions."
Wonderla Holiday...,4.7,(271 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 9 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Wonderla Holidays Limited is engaged in the business of amusement parks and resorts. The Company's segments include Amusement park, Resort and Others. The Company operates approximately three amusement parks in Kochi, Bangalore and Hyderabad under the brand name Wonderla."
Brembo Brake Ind...,4.3,(271 Reviews),Private,Stezzano + 9 more,18 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"​​Brembo is a world leader in the design, development and production of braking systems and components for cars, motorbikes, industrial vehicles and machinery, for the OE market, after-market and racing. The Group has recently branched out into the design and production of safety systems.

Brembo guarantees the utmost safety and comfort and improved product performance thanks to process integration and optimisation of the entire production cycle, from the initial design and cast-iron or aluminium casting to assembly, testing and simulations on the bench, track and road.

Brembo's constant quest for innovation calls for new technologies, new materials, new shapes and new markets; product performance is accompanied by the search for a unique style in line with the design of the equipped vehicles."
Kuwait National ...,4.4,(271 Reviews),Public,Al Ahmadi + 13 more,63 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"The Kuwait National Petroleum Company is the national oil refining company of Kuwait. Established in October 1960, KNPC handles the responsibility of oil refining, gas liquefaction, and distribution of petroleum goods within the local market. KNPC is also handling CFP."
Mikuni,4.0,(271 Reviews),Private,"Sotokanda,Chiyoda + 9 more",100 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Mikuni Corporation is a leading Japanese carburettor manufacturing company that was founded in 1923 and incorporated in 1948. Their business activities are centred on carburettors, fuel injectors and other automobile related equipment. The operations are carried through the following divisions: Automobile-related, Living and Environment related goods and Sale of imported goods."
DATAMARK BPO SER...,4.0,(271 Reviews),Private,El Paso + 6 more,34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1989, DATAMARK, Inc. is a leading business process outsourcing (BPO) company headquartered in El Paso, Texas. We serve Fortune 500 companies, government agencies and other large enterprises at our delivery centers worldwide, including the U.S., Mexico, and India."
Capital Foods,4.0,(271 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 46 more,27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Capital Foods is a great believer in the concept of ‘Global Food Culture’. We are committed to helping people get a taste of global flavours by selecting, perfecting and integrating global foods through our various food brands.
Capital Foods is one of India’s fastest growing food companies with a strong presence in the highly populated Indian diaspora market of the world. We offer food products and food ingredients to meet a variety of cooking needs. We were the first to identify and label the unique cuisine of ‘Desi Chinese’ that is native to India but universally loved across USA, Canada, Australia, UK and Singapore."
Air India Air Tr...,3.5,(271 Reviews),"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 40 more",20 years old,10k-50k Employees (Global),N/A,"Air India Air Transport Services Limited (AIATSL) is a fully owned subsidiary of Air India Limited, formed with an aim to provide unified Ground Handling services (Ramp, Passenger, Baggage, Cargo Handling and Cabin Cleaning) under the brand name 'Air India Airport Services'.
Air India Air Transport Services Limited is a leading ground handling service provider in India and offers ground handling services at major airports in India. AIATSL presently provides ground handling services at 80 airports. Apart from handling the flights of Air India Limited and its Subsidiary Companies, ground handling is also provided for 37 foreign scheduled airlines, 3 domestic scheduled airlines, 4 regional airlines, 12 Seasonal charter airlines, 23 foreign airlines availing Perishable Cargo handling.
From being the first and only Ground Handler in India to handle the Airbus A380 on its maiden flight to India, to handling the futuristic 787 Dreamliners at major Airports in India, AI Airport Services is the Ground Handler for all your needs."
Amul India,4.2,(492 Reviews),Anand + 80 more,50 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),N/A,"Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) is India's largest food products organization with a total brand turnover of USD 6.5 billion (2018-19). Apex organization of the 18 milk cooperatives in Gujarat, popularly known as 'AMUL'​, aims to provide remunerative returns to the farmers and also serve the interest of consumers by providing quality products which are good value for money. The product portfolio include milk- UHT and pouch, buttermilk, ghee, butter, sweetened condensed milk, milk powders, infant milk food, dairy whitener, tea and coffee whitener, lassi, ice-cream, paneer-fresh and frozen, cheese, cheese spreads, margarine, flavored milk, gulabjamun, milk shakes, malted foods and drinks, probiotic dahi and chocolates."
South Indian Ban...,3.8,(270 Reviews),Public,"Thrissur/Trichur,Kerala + 54 more",94 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"One of the earliest banks in South India, ""South Indian Bank""​ came into being during the Swadeshi movement. The establishment of the bank was the fulfillment of the dreams of a group of enterprising men who joined together at Thrissur, a major town (now known as the Cultural Capital of Kerala), in the erstwhile State of Cochin to provide for the people a safe, efficient and service oriented repository of savings of the community on one hand and to free the business community from the clutches of greedy money lenders on the other by providing need based credit at reasonable rates of interest"
Jindal Poly Film...,3.5,(270 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 6 more",49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Jindal Poly Films Limitedis a part of the $ 2 billion B.C.Jindalgroup, which has been offering a wide range of products and solutions for more than 6 decades. The group is involved in diverse businesses includingPolyester& Polypropylenefilms, Steel pipes, Thermal Power Generation and Photographic products."
IDP Education,4.0,(270 Reviews),Government,"Melbourne,Victoria + 39 more",54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IDP is a global leader in international education services. We help our customers study in English speaking countries. Our success comes from connecting students with the right course in the right institution and the right country. We’ve been operating for 50 years, creating a huge network of opportunity with offices in over 30 countries."
Systra Consultin...,4.1,(270 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 28 more",66 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SYSTRA is the signature team for transportation and urban infrastructure solutions; a world-leading engineering and consulting firm. We connect people with sustainable, smart and safe mobility solutions partnering nations in their growth story.
In India, SYSTRA is an international consulting and engineering company operating in the fields of Metros, High Speed Rail, Railways, Roads, Buildings, Urban planning, and Water & Environment for public and private organizations.
Our engineers work with passion to deliver the most reliable, cost-effective and made-to measures solutions allowing end users to move seamlessly."
Honeywell Intern...,3.9,(2.4k Reviews),Charlotte + 17 more,117 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"Honeywell is a global Fortune 100 technology company that helps aircraft, buildings, manufacturing plants, supply chains and workers become more connected to make our world smarter, safer and more sustainable.

All of Honeywell’s global businesses have a strong legacy in India, built over the last eight decades. Honeywell’s India commitment is evident in three state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities, and five global centers of excellence for technology development and innovation. We employ close to 15,000 people across 50 locations, including Bangalore, Chennai, Delhi, Gurgaon, Hyderabad, Madurai, Pune and Vadodara.

Beyond business, Honeywell Hometown Solutions India Foundation is a not-for-profit organization that deploys our Corporate Social Responsibility efforts in critical areas. By applying the same rigor and business tools, we’ve built programs as Honeywell Safe Schools, Safe Kids at Home, Honeywell Science Experience and Safe Water Network."
Indraprastha Gas,4.0,(269 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 15 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Incorporated in 1998, IGL took over Delhi City Gas Distribution Project in 1999 from GAIL (India) Limited (Formerly Gas Authority of India Limited).The project was started to lay the network for the distribution of natural gas in the National Capital Territory of Delhi to consumers in the domestic, transport, and commercial sectors. With the backing of strong promoters – GAIL (India) Ltd. and Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd. (BPCL) – IGL plans to provide natural gas in the entire capital region.The two main business objectives of the company are -To provide safe, convenient and reliable natural gas supply to it’s customers in the domestic and commercial sectors.To provide a cleaner, environment-friendly alternative as auto fuel to residents of the areas of NCT of Delhi; districts Gautam Budh Nagar, Ghaziabad, Hapur, Muzaffarnagar, Shamli, uncovered parts of Meerut & Kanpur, Fatehpur and Hamirpur in Uttar Pradesh; districts Rewari, Gurugram, Karnal and Kaithal in Haryana; and, district Ajmer, Pali & Rajsamand in Rajasthan. This will considerably bring down the alarmingly high levels of pollution"
Venus Remedies,4.2,(269 Reviews),Public,"Panchkula,Haryana + 28 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Venus Remedies Limited is among India's leading pharmaceutical companies with a strong research focus and world-class manufacturing facilities. It is headquartered in India, with offices in Germany, Colombia, Sri Lanka and Vietnam. To apply for current vacancies, please visit Venus Remedies Ltd.'s Career Portal by clicking on ""Visit website"" button mentioned above.We are pioneering the science by our R & D capabilities, experience and innovationprogramme to accomplish human cure & remedies.We are eying fruitation of breakthrough findings to make innovations enjoyable. We are ""VRL (Venus Remedies Limited)"", a research driven Indian Pharmaceutical company with global footprints."
Varuna Integrate...,3.8,(269 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 42 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Our story began in 1996, at the threshold of a new era in Indian logistics. Since then, Varuna Group has operated with the principles of customer centricity, operational excellence and transparency, partnering with supply chain leaders to manage their end-to-end logistics operations with the aim of reducing the effective landed cost of products. Every day, our 1500+ trained specialists in 60+ branches work with utmost dedication and an unparalleled zeal to deliver excellent service and exceptional savings, leading to true value creation for our clients."
Collegedunia,3.2,(269 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 12 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Collegedunia.com is an extensive search engine for the students, parents, and education industry players who are seeking information on higher education sector in India and abroad. One can rely on Collegedunia.com for getting most brief and relevant data on colleges and universities.

Students can use Collegedunia.com as one stop destination to search about their dream college, available courses, admission process and lots more interactive tools to simplify the process of finding alma-mater. The website has the repository of more than 20,000 colleges and 6000 courses categorized in different streams like Management, Engineering, Medical, Arts and much more. One can classify colleges on the basis of location, ranking, ratings, fees and cutoff for different competitive exams.

Collegedunia.com provides a non-conventional platform which focuses on delivering quality leads to enable them for collecting highly motivated candidates. The algorithm for data segregation in the website allows us to segregate the data up to multiple levels, providing an edge to the clients looking for highly specific and active database.The website preferable addresses the concerns of parents looking for an ideal institute for their wards. It provides a multichannel filter page which sorts data on the basis of ranking, fees and cutoff. We have a highly skilled team of data miners who can present data in the most interactive allowing you to make decisions in the most informative way."
Bhilosa Industri...,3.9,(269 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 6 more",35 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Being associated with the textile industry for almost 100 years, Bhilosa incepted and breathed its first air of passion in 1989. The idea was to effect an exponential change in the Indian Polyester Industry. With a will to accompany world class quality in products and structural transparency in operations, we set ourselves to put best foot forward, in this long and exciting journey.
Along the way, responsibility and honesty, were two key characteristics that accompanied us on this path — the path of putting the ‘Nation First’ above all. We carried this torch further and expanded our horizons, doubling our production capacity. Thanks to our Employees, Vendors, Customers, Bankers & Institutions and their unparalleled efforts, Bhilosa today is synonymous with leading companies for the best and quantitative Polyester Yarn manufacturing in India.
While efforts of our people have played a crucial role, our infrastructure too has played its part in our success. Factories at Rakholi and Naroli in Silvassa have been taking care of our production, making Bhilosa a name to reckon with. A conducive environment for growth, nurturing talent and great life is what we constantly think about our people. It is this thinking that led us to accepting quality practices and technology as a way of life. At Bhilosa, the idea of creating more employment opportunities for people and helping them build a successful life has always been crucial in the thought process. Under the ‘Make in India’ initiative, Bhilosa has not only facilitated more employment for the people but has also developed the infrastructure (in the form of new plants) required to accommodate such employment. As a result, the facilities and working conditions for Bhilosa people have always been good. The work at Bhilosa, therefore doesn’t seem like work, but an array of happy moments enjoyed by people everyday."
ByteDance,4.4,(269 Reviews),Private,"Shanghai,Shanghai + 11 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ByteDance is a technology company operating a range of content platforms that inform, educate, entertain, and inspire people across languages, cultures, and geographies.

Dedicated to building global platforms of creation and interaction, ByteDance now has a portfolio of applications available in over 150 markets and 75 languages. For example, TikTok, Helo, Vigo Video, Douyin, and Huoshan. ByteDance's platforms aim to help users explore and discover the world's creativity, knowledge, and moments that matter in everyday life while empowering everyone to be a creator directly from their smartphones. We are committed to building a safe, healthy, and positive online environment for all our users.

With products available in over 150 markets, we have offices in 126 cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Los Angeles, New York, London, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Mumbai, Singapore, Jakarta, Seoul, and Tokyo. As of November 2019, ByteDance has over 60,000 employees and 15 research and development centers around the globe."
India Post,3.9,(324 Reviews),Public,"Mysore/Mysuru,Karnataka + 106 more",169 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"The Department of Posts (DoP) (Hindi: भारतीय डाक), trading as India Post, is a government-operated postal system in India, which is a subsidiary of the Ministry of Communications. Generally called ""the Post Office"" in India, it is the most widely distributed postal system in the world. Founded in 1854 by Lord Dalhousie who laid the foundation for the modern Indian postal service. Dalhousie introduced uniform postage rates (universal service) and helped to pass the India Post Office Act 1854 which significantly improved upon 1837 Post Office act which had introduced regular post offices in India.[6] It created the position Director General of Post for the whole country.[7][8]It is involved in delivering mail (post), remitting money by money orders, accepting deposits under Small Savings Schemes, providing life insurance coverage under Postal Life Insurance (PLI) and Rural Postal Life Insurance (RPLI) and providing retail services like bill collection, sale of forms, etc. The DoP also acts as an agent for Government of India in discharging other services for citizens such as old age pension payments and Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) wage disbursement. With 155,015 post offices, India Post has the most widely distributed postal network in the world."
Transrail Lighti...,4.0,(268 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 45 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Transrail Lighting Limited is an integrated Power Transmission and Distribution company, which provides turnkey solutions in areas of Transmission, Distribution and Rural Electrification, and a lighting solutions provider for outdoor lighting. At its core, it is a company driven by passion for quality, innovation and excellence."
GD Goenka Public...,3.7,(268 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 39 more",29 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"For children, dreams are not goals to be achieved but an experience to be lived and enjoyed. We at G.D. Goenka Public School, Rohini, one of the top schools in Rohini, make the learning experience lively and enjoyable for our students. We as an education institute take our responsibilities to groom the global citizens of the future and familiarize them with the outside world. G.D. Goenka Public School is a heritage of individualism, enterprise and free will. School have highly qualified teachers who are well equipped with using the modern technology as well as with the techniques to manage the expectations of students."
The Park Hotels,4.2,(268 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 17 more",56 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Today, THE Park, pioneers of luxury boutique hotels for 50 years, is present in India's major cities and tourist destinations.Each hotel is unique, a distinctive interpretation of contemporary India that gives guests an experience that is Anything But Ordinary. Situated in prime locations, they house some of India's most happening nightclubs, liveliest bars and inventive restaurants. The Park is also home to the Aura Spa, a much-vaunted rejuvenation venue. Paintings, sculptures and installations adorn rooms and corridors, and the deisgn driven aesthetic can be felt across the hotels"
Aloha Technology,3.8,(268 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 8 more",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Aloha Technology enables enterprises all over the world to develop a competitive advantage by making their current operations efficient & cost-effective. With over 12 years of experience and 3 development centers in India, Aloha Technology is a leading provider of Information Technology Services. We have transformed from an offshore development company to an offshore R&D investment destination for leading ISVs across the world. 

Leading ISVs look at us as a strategic R&D outsourcing and end to end product development choice. We have been retained by companies which are leading innovators in their domains. We achieve this by sharing their product vision right from the competitive pressures they face, creating new products or adding new features to existing ones and bringing them to market faster."
Metso Outotec,4.4,(268 Reviews),Alwar + 21 more,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"Metso Outotec was created through the combination of Metso Minerals and Outotec on June 30, 2020. We are a frontrunner in sustainable technologies, end-to-end solutions and services for the minerals processing, aggregates and metals refining industries globally. We ranked 8th on the 2021 Global 100 list of the world’s most sustainable companies."
Integra Software...,3.8,(267 Reviews),Private,Pondicherry + 6 more,29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Integra, we are at our best when we are solving content transformation problems for our customers through our innovative source-to-publish solutions for publishers, and digital learning solutions across diverse industry verticals.

With our leadership and expertise in end-to-end digital content solutions, content-focused technologies, and workflow solutions, we help our global publishing customers maximize ‘return on content production investments’ and focus on what they do best – publish great content products for their customers.

We work with many of world’s leading publishers across segments – Academic, Higher-Ed, ELT, and PreK-12 – with many of whom we pride ourselves on more than a decade of working relationship. This longstanding relationship is witness to our capabilities in delivering measurable business results through content solutions that improve publishing cycle times, boost productivity, and navigate through technology disruptions.

Drawing on our sectoral know-how and vast experience in developing learning content and designing interactive learning, we also provide digital learning solutions to our customers in the education and enterprise segments. Today, we are one of the early movers in providing digital content development solutions in emerging disruptive content technologies like Augmented Reality, Virtual reality, and Mixed Reality.

We are always at the ready to help our customers leverage technology to the benefit of their existing business and adding value to their end users.

Headquartered in Pondicherry, India, each day, over 2000+ talented workforce work from ten delivery centers across six countries – India (Bangalore, Chennai, Delhi, Pune, and Pondicherry), Japan (Yokohama), UK (Reading), US (Illinois), Canada (Richmond) and Germany (Munich) – round the clock in meeting and exceeding our customers’ content and digital solutions needs."
Penna Cement Ind...,4.3,(267 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 36 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Penna Cement is one of the largest privately held cement companies in India, with an installed cement capacity of 10 Million Tonnes Per Annum. Founded in 1991, Penna Cement has established itself as one of the most trusted cement brands, with significant footprints in southern and western India. Our clientele ranges from small house owners to organised real estate developers and from various state governments to global construction majors. Over the last two decades, we have grown organically by developing in-house expertise and capabilities, across the entire value chain in the cement industry. All our cement plants are equipped with state-of-the-art technology, enabling the company to deliver the superior quality products."
Dana India,4.0,(267 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 12 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Wheeled transportation might be taken for granted today, but more than a century ago the idea of propelling carriages with motors instead of horses was nothing short of outlandish. The idea succeeded, though, thanks to the brilliance of inventors who embraced the increasingly mechanized world, the risk-taking of entrepreneurs who believed in its potential, and the business savvy of industrialists who scaled start-up ventures to large enterprises that propelled the whole industry forward.

Among those pioneers were the founders of Dana Incorporated – Clarence Spicer, Joseph Victor, Hugo Reinz, J.B. Long, and Charles Dana among them. Their initiative and ingenuity still drives Dana today in our mission to anticipate and address our customers’ needs with innovative solutions."
Top Office Pros ...,4.9,(267 Reviews),Pune + 4 more,11-50 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"Top Office Pros Business Services is a boutique multinational firm with expertise in freight transportation, e-commerce, direct sales, and product sourcing. We are one of the fastest growing international supply chain solutions providers and are rapidly growing our range of services, as well as the network offices in order to serve our customers better. Currently, we are present in the USA, India, the UAE, Hong Kong, Cote de ivory, China, Chile, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, and the Philippines. 

Our strength is our customers and we attribute our success to them. Hence, customer satisfaction is the most important goal for our business. Our mission is to create the best user experience via innovation, customization, smart technologies, and real-time information delivery. 

Our experienced team comprises of full-time specialists to help our esteemed customers with all their queries. We act in compliance with relevant laws in our countries of operation and provide personal attention to every client. With the help of customer-focused solutions, in-depth market knowledge, and vast industry experience we strive to become the preferred solutions providers in
our areas of expertise."
Mott MacDonald,4.2,(267 Reviews),"Croydon,Surrey + 25 more",121 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"The Mott MacDonald Group is a consultancy headquarted in the United Kingdom. It employs 16,000 staff in 150 countries. Mott MacDonald is one of the largest employee-owned companies in the world. It was established in 1989 by the merger of Mott, Hay and Anderson with Sir M MacDonald & Partners."
Hitachi Energy,4.0,(267 Reviews),Chennai + 15 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
UDAAN CARGO & LO...,4.1,(267 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 62 more,8 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Established in 2015 by a first generation entrepreneur and headquartered in Delhi, Udaan Logistics is India’s premier domestic logistics and supply chain partner, delivering with passion & commitment across industries, through a dedicated team of empowered people, simplified processes and latest technology. Udaan Logistics works as a catalyst for its customers’ businesses by aligning the strategic and the operational perspectives & facilitating growth.

Udaan Logistics understands that domestic supply chain management requires thorough planning, seamlessly implementing and aptly controlling a sequence of complex tasks performed by people from diverse cultures, national origin, speaking different languages. We don’t just integrate these multinational capabilities but also bring out the best from them through our expertise, passion, and cutting edge technology.

We understand that supply change optimization can be attained only through the perfect management of people, place, and time. And in order to ensure this synchronization, we have a pool of vast & varied experience and highly skilled experts, with a focus on operating models that integrate functions of customers, suppliers, and end users, all."
Majesco,3.7,(266 Reviews),Public,Morristown + 4 more,41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Majesco is a leading insurance solutions and services provider. 
Majesco's software for core insurance functions include Policy Administration, Underwriting, New Business Processing, Billing, Claims, Product Modeling, Incentive Compensation and Producer Lifecycle Management. Additionally Majesco offers consulting and insurance specific IT services for testing, data conversion, data-warehousing/BI, mobility, enterprise integration and BPM."
Amazon seller se...,4.4,(266 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 39 more,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Safari Industrie...,4.1,(266 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 48 more",49 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"For over a decade Safari Industries has devoted itself to making quality products for people on-the-move. Our product portfolio includes luggage, backpacks, school bags, fashion bags for girls & travel accessories. We create thoughtfully designed, competent products that make it easier to experience the unadulterated joys of travel. Our brands include Safari, Genius, Genie & Magnum, which are available across India. We aim to lead. Our soaring ambition is to be India’s No. 1 Bags Company, targeting a revenue of Rs.1,000 crore by 2020. Featured in the Financial Times Top 1000 Fastest Growing Companies in Pacific-Asia 2017, we continue to work towards disproportionate growth. Today, with a cumulative strength of 1,800 passionate Safarian’s, and our headquarters in city of dreams, Mumbai, we are rapidly making strides towards our goal. If you are ready to take charge of your career, come join us on our safari to be the Leading Bag’s Company. Join the tribe, help us shape the future of the industry!"
Amazon seller se...,4.4,(266 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 39 more,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Realty Assistant,4.7,(266 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 6 more",4 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are positioned early into our growth cycle, yet within this short span we have scaled across India and globally. We are headquartered in Noida while our footprint zones include 12 cities of India like Gurugram, Lucknow, Ghaziabad, Pune, Chennai , Bangalore etc.Globally, we are present in the GCC Nations, the US and Canada and expanding in South Asia.
We are driven to change the landscape of Indian real estate through tech-enabled solutions blended with human engagement. We have teams of enthusiastic & experienced professionals upholding a shared vision of providing solutions that make a difference.  
We connect our clients through to residential and commercial solutions that are best fit for their multi-realty needs that include interior decoration, property valuation, property finance, and property consultancy, among others."
Chemplast Sanmar,3.9,(266 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 12 more",56 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Chemplast Sanmar is over fifty years old and is a part of the SHL Chemicals Group, which in turn is a constituent of the Sanmar Group, one among the oldest and most prominent corporate groups in South India. Fairfax India Holdings Corporation (Fairfax) a well-known international investor led by Mr. Prem Watsa, based in Canada, has invested, through FIH Mauritius Investments Limited, in the SHL Chemicals Group since 2016. It is a major manufacturer of Speciality Chemicals such as Specialty Paste PVC resin and Custom Manufactured Chemicals for the agro-chemical, pharmaceutical, and fine chemicals sector. The company also produces other chemicals such as Caustic Soda, Chlorochemicals, Hydrogen Peroxide, Refrigerant gas, and Industrial Salt. The manufacturing facilities are located at Mettur, Berigai, and Vedaranyam in Tamil Nadu and Karaikal in the Union Territory of Puducherry.
The Chlorochemicals division of Chemplast, a result of backward integration by the Group, manufactures a wide range of products using a highly integrated manufacturing process.
The salt needed for chlorine manufacture is supplied by Chemplast’s Salt Pans at Vedaranyam. The power-intensive electrolysis process of manufacturing chlorine is significantly served by Chemplast’s own power plant.
All this makes Chemplast one of the most integrated chemical plants in the country with a closed manufacturing loop.
Custom Manufactured Chemicals – Chemplast Sanmar, is a leading supplier of intermediates for global Agrochemical, Pharmaceutical, and Fine Chemical innovators. These intermediates involve complex multi-step synthesis using unique chemistries. The manufacturing facility is located at Berigai, Tamil Nadu.
Chemplast has played a pioneering role in the field through its ingenious choice of feedstock and manufacturing processes, and efficient, eco-friendly practices. Its constant development of environment-friendly production processes has reduced the consumption of valuable natural resources."
Meyer Organics,3.7,(265 Reviews),Private,"Thane,Maharashtra + 44 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Meyer Organics is a part of the world’s No. 1 & fastest growing Neutraceutical Company, Vitabiotics Ltd, headquartered at London and operating in 110 countries across the globe. Vitabiotics is committed for the scientific research in nutrient medicine & has been awarded consequently for three years with UK’s prestigious Queen’s Award for excellence and innovation in vitamin research. Meyer has been manufacturing innovative health care products for over three decades & is committed to excel in human health care and research."
Mastek,3.9,(265 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mastek is a digital transformation specialist that engineers excellence for customers in the UK, US and India. We enable large scale business change programmes through our service offerings, which include agile consulting, digital commerce, BI and analytics, application development, support and testing. Whether it’s creating new applications, modernising existing ones or recovering failing projects, we help enterprises to navigate the digital landscape and stay competitive."
Dunzo,3.7,(265 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 13 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Living in the city, we never have enough time to do all the things we want to do. Dunzo can change the way you move things, how you shop and lets you access your city like never before. We’re an app that connects you to the nearest delivery partner who can make purchases, pick up items from any store or restaurant in the city and bring them to you.

It’s never easy to make purchases or drop off packages when you get busy with work, get stuck in traffic, or you might even end up forgetting about it completely.

All you need to do is, Tell us where to go, what needs to be done and when. What happens next? Sit back, and let us worry about your task-at-hand. You could say that we are always on the move for you."
Mahindra Satyam,3.6,(265 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 21 more",36 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Mahindra Satyam(formerlySatyam Computer Services Limited) was an Indianinformation technology(IT) services company based inHyderabad,India, offeringsoftware development,system maintenance, packaged software integration andengineering designservices. Satyam Computer Services was listed on thePink Sheets, theNational Stock ExchangeandBombay Stock Exchangeand provided services to a wide range of customers including 185Fortune 500companies"
Ministry Of Heal...,4.3,(265 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 39 more",47 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is an Indian government ministry charged with health policy in India. It is also responsible for all government programs relating to family planning in India. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare holds cabinet rank as a member of the Council of Ministers.
Grand Hyatt,4.3,(265 Reviews),Private,"Chicago,Illinois + 18 more",66 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"""Hyatt Hotels Corporation, headquartered in Chicago, is a leading global hospitality company. 

The Company's purpose to care for people so they can be their best informs its business decisions and growth strategy and is intended to create value for shareholders, build relationships with guests and attract the best colleagues in the industry. 

The Company's subsidiaries develop, own, operate, manage, franchise, license or provide services to hotels, resorts, branded residences and vacation ownership properties, including under the Park Hyatt®, Miraval®, Grand Hyatt®, Hyatt Regency®, Hyatt®, Andaz®, Hyatt Centric®, The Unbound Collection by HyattTM, Hyatt Place®, Hyatt House®, Hyatt ZivaTM, Hyatt ZilaraTM and Hyatt Residence Club® brand names and have locations on six continents."""
Ramkrishna Forgi...,3.8,(265 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 11 more",42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ramkrishna Forgings Limited was founded on 12th November 1981 on a bed of integrity, fueled by burning ambition. Years of staying true to our principles and tireless endeavour, we have produced rich results. We became a limited company on 25th May, 1995 and today we are an organisation manned by qualified and highly skilled people with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities and international levels of quality control.We are suppliers to various sectors like Automotive, Railways, Farm Equipment, Bearings, Oil & Gas, Power and Construction, Earth Moving & Mining, both in India & overseas markets. We are also a critical safety item supplier for Screw Coupling, Bolster suspension, Side frame keys and Draw Gear Assembly for Railway Coaches and wagon. We are a preferred supplier to OEM's like TATA Motors, Ashok Leyland, VE Commercial and Daimler in India and to Volvo, Mack Trucks, Iveco, Ford in the overseas markets. We supply globally to Tier 1 axle manufacturers like Dana, Sisamex, Meritor and American Axles."
Lafarge,4.3,(265 Reviews),Private,Paris + 69 more,190 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Lafarge S.A. is a French industrial company specializing in three major products: cement, construction aggregates, and concrete.

On 10 July 2015 Lafarge merged with Holcim, a Swiss cement company. On 15 July the new company was officially launched around the globe under the name of LafargeHolcim, creating a new leader in the Building Materials sector.

LafargeHolcim is the global leader in building materials and solutions. We are active in four business segments: Cement, Aggregates, Ready-Mix Concrete and Solutions & Products. With leading positions in all regions of the world and a balanced portfolio between developing and mature markets, LafargeHolcim offers a broad range of high-quality building materials and solutions. LafargeHolcim experts solve the challenges that customers face around the world, whether they are building individual homes or major infrastructure projects. Demand for LafargeHolcim materials and solutions is driven by global population growth, urbanization, improved living standards and sustainable construction. Around 75,000 people work for the company in around 80 countries."
Christian Medica...,4.3,(265 Reviews),Private,"Vellore,Tamil Nadu + 20 more",123 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"In 1900, the Christian Medical College was started by Ida S. Scudder, an American missionary, as a one-bed clinic to serve women. In 1902, she built the 40-bed Mary Taber Schell Memorial Hospital for women and children, named after the donor’s wife. The site is now CMC Schell Campus, which houses the Eye Hospital and Low Cost Effective Care Unit (LCECU). The main hospital moved to the present location in the Thottapalayam area of Vellore in 1924 and treatment was extended to men as well. At present CMC has 2300 beds on four sites, with all specialities. Patients from all over India and the world come for treatment.
The Christian Medical College Association is a non government, private, inter-denominational Christian organisation. The object of the Association is the establishment, maintenance and development of a Christian Medical College in India where women and men shall receive an education of the highest grade in the art and science of Medicine and Nursing or in one of the Allied Health professions, to equip them in the spirit of Christ, for service in the relief of suffering and the promotion of health.
The CMC community today is made up of an interesting and diverse group of people,- students and faculty come from all over India. Visitors come from Australia, Britain, Canada, Denmark, Ethiopia, France, Germany, Kenya, the Middle East, New Zealand, USA and many other countries. The interchange between varied people and cultures provides a rewarding and stimulating experience."
Zycus Infotech,3.5,(265 Reviews),Private,"Princeton,New Jersey + 4 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Back in the 1990s, when the commercial Internet was still beginning to revolutionize the way we live, personally and professionally, the founder of Zycus was inspired to develop web-based business applications for procurement professionals. We started our journey in 1998 and like any new company; our first big challenge was to find the very first customer. When we won GE, we knew we were doing things the right way. Ever since, we have continued on the path of innovation to provide sophisticated end-to-end procurement solution suites with one focus – our customers’ happiness."
Nowfloats Techno...,3.9,(265 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad,Telangana + 37 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),Simplifying the digital journey of every business in India.
Suzuki,4.2,(6.9k Reviews),Private,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujarat + 110 more",9 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Suzuki is a Japanese multinational corporation headquartered in Minami-ku, Hamamatsu.[4] Suzuki manufactures automobiles, four-wheel drive vehicles, motorcycles, all-terrain vehicles (ATVs), outboard marine engines, wheelchairs and a variety of other small internal combustion engines. In 2016, Suzuki was the eleventh biggest automaker by production worldwide.[5] Suzuki has over 45,000 employees and has 35 production facilities in 23 countries, and 133 distributors in 192 countries. The worldwide sales volume of automobiles is the world's tenth largest,[6] while domestic sales volume is the third largest in the country"
Legrand,3.9,(487 Reviews),Private,"Limoges,Limoges + 37 more",163 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Legrand is a French industrial group historically based in Limoges in the Limousin region. In 2011, the firm was the largest global producer of switches and sockets, with 20% of the global market, and in cable management, generating 75% of its turnover internationally."
Sandoz,4.3,(264 Reviews),Private,Holzkirchen + 15 more,137 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sandoz is a global leader in generic pharmaceuticals and biosimilars. As a division of the Novartis Group, our purpose is to discover new ways to improve and extend people's lives. We contribute to society's ability to support growing healthcare needs by pioneering novel approaches to help people around the world access high-quality medicine. Our portfolio of approximately 1,000 molecules, covering all major therapeutic areas, accounted for 2017 sales of USD 10.1 billion. In 2017, our products reached well over 500 million patients. Sandoz is headquartered in Holzkirchen, in Germany's Greater Munich area"
Vindhya Telelink...,4.1,(264 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 40 more",40 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Vindhya Telelinks Limited was established in joint sector between Universal Cables Limited and Madhya Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation Limited to implement a Project for manufacture of Jelly Filled Telephone Cables (JFTC). The Plant located at Rewa (M.P.) India started commercial production in 1986. The company has since become the leading supplier of Jelly Filled Telecommunication Cables and Optic Fibre Telecommunication cables to BSNL, MTNL and other leading user organizations like Railways, Defence, Coalfields, NTPC, SAIL, Atomic Energy, Bharti, Tata Tele Service, Reliance Infocom etc"
DFM Foods,4.1,(264 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 47 more",40 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"A pioneer in the Indian snack foods market, DFM Foods introduced CRAX Corn Rings in 1984.
Today, with sales across North, West and Central India, DFM Foods is a public company listed on the BSE Limited & National Stock Exchange of India Limited."
Ranbaxy,4.5,(264 Reviews),Public,GURGAON + 49 more,62 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Ranbaxy Laboratories Limited, India's largest pharmaceutical company, is an integrated, research based, international pharmaceutical company, producing a wide range of quality, affordable generic medicines, trusted by healthcare professionals and patients across geographies. Ranked 8th amongst the global generic pharmaceutical companies, Ranbaxy today has a presence in 23 of the top 25 pharmaceutical markets of the world. The Company has a global footprint in 49 countries, world-class manufacturing facilities in 11 countries and serves customers in over 
125 countries.

In June 2008, Ranbaxy entered into an alliance with one of the largest Japanese innovator companies, Daiichi Sankyo Company Ltd., to create an innovator and generic pharmaceutical powerhouse. The combined entity now ranks among the top 15 pharmaceutical companies, globally. The transformational deal will place Ranbaxy in a higher growth trajectory and it will emerge stronger in terms of its global reach and in its capabilities in drug development and manufacturing."
Vertiv Energy,4.0,(264 Reviews),Private,"Columbus,Ohio + 28 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Vertiv brings together hardware, software, analytics and ongoing services to enable continuous and optimal running of vital applications for data centers, communication networks, and commercial and industrial facilities. Its portfolio comprises of power, cooling and IT infrastructure solutions and services, extending from the cloud to the edge of the network. For more information visit VertivCo.com."
RealPage,4.1,(264 Reviews),Private,"Richardson,Texas + 4 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"RealPage is a leading global provider of software and data analytics to the real estate industry. Clients use our platform to improve operating performance and increase capital returns. Founded in 1998 and headquartered in Richardson, Texas, RealPage currently serves more than 12,400 clients worldwide from offices in North America, Europe and Asia. For more information about the company, visit https://www.realpage.com.Industry verticals: Conventional, Enterprise, Institutional, Affordable HUD, Student Living, Military Housing, Tax Credit, Senior Living, Single Family, Vacation Rentals, Commercial.In 2018, RealPage Contact Center in Greenville was named “Best Places to Work in South Carolina” for the 2nd year in a row by the South Carolina Chamber of Commerce."
Bussan Auto Fina...,4.5,(263 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 40 more,89 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Bussan Auto Finance India Pvt. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as BAF India) is a Non Banking Finance Company under Sec. 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, established with a view to finance Yamaha Two Wheeler Vehicles across India. BAF India is a Joint Venture of Mitsui & Co., Ltd and Yamaha Co .,Ltd. BAF India is established with a view to enrich the lifestyle of Indian society through customer-friendly and quality financial services and to become the most preferred financier for customers and dealers of Yamaha two wheelers across India setting a benchmark in the industry."
Greet Technologi...,3.0,(263 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 4 more",32 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Greet Technologies is a growing Customer Support/KPO services provider in India, with focus on transaction processing as well as handling calls. Greet is here to deliver world-class solutions, which are result-oriented and committed to customer satisfaction. With a ' total solutions approach ', Greet works as an extended arm of your organization. Our ability to provide best-of-breed services derives from an expert knowledge of our business, as well as in-depth understanding of our clients' business and business processes. We possess a deep working knowledge of the technologies and processes that are crucial to successful business outsourcing and pride ourselves on our ability to provide end-to-end, scalable and result-oriented solutions."
IFFCO Kisan Sanc...,3.6,(263 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 56 more",16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Indian Farmers Fertilizer Cooperative Limited (IFFCO), known for its many interventions and achievements, collaborated with the giants Bharti Airtel and Star Global Resources Ltd. and created IFFCO Kisan Sanchar Ltd. This association commenced making the farmer's life better through a wide array of solutions. As part of our varied service vertices, we have geared to revolutionize the agricultural world with technology while uplifting farmers with our services like mobile advisory, IFFCO Kisan Agriculture App, and Kisan call centre. We are also into distribution services of various commodities, including Cattle feed, Spices and Honey."
BKT Tyres,4.1,(263 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 20 more,35 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Against the backdrop of a highly competitive tire market, BKT supports and sustains customers in the growth of their business. We are committed to always offering new quality solutions that are able to satisfy the most demanding user needs for any application. We believe that consistent and continuous investment into technological development is the key to high-performance and functional tires.

Our commitment to mutual growth with our partners in terms of both efficiency and productivity is perfectly illustrated in our claim, “Growing Together”. This philosophy has been inspiring all our production processes and business activities since our inception. 

Considering it part of our social responsibilities, we have adopted the strictest measures for safeguarding the environment. And it goes without saying that we show great respect for our people working every day with passion to achieve our corporate goals. 

It is our intention to be the leader and benchmark in the global Off-Highway tire market, in particular in the specialist segments such as agricultural, construction and industrial vehicles as well as earthmoving, port and mining, ATV, and gardening applications. The achievement of our mission and vision is based on a functional corporate structure led by an effective management."
Montecarlo Const...,4.2,(263 Reviews),"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 52 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Montecarlo Limited (MCL) is one of the largest private sector construction companies of India that specializes in large scale civil construction and energy networks by formulating new age construction technologies. Having established its presence at pan India, the company is a diversified conglomerate offering services in high value infrastructure projects like Highways, Roads, Irrigation, Water Supply, Mining, Power Transmission & Distribution, Building and Urban Infrastructures"
Family Health Pl...,4.0,(263 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 18 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Family Health Plan Insurance TPA Limited (FHPL), incorporated in the year 1995 and licensed by IRDAI in the year 2002 is today one of the largest and most reputed IRDAI Licensed Third Party Administrator (TPA) in the country. FHPL with its Registered and Corporate office at Hyderabad has presence in over 55 locations and 25 states Pan-India. FHPL caters to the needs of Health Insurance benefits administration for Individual customers, Corporate clientele, State/ Central Government sponsored Health schemes. FHPL is the first licensed TPA to be certified with ISO 9001:2008 for quality standards and processes, ISO/IEC 27001:2013 for Information Security standards. Driven by its ambitious goals and continuous innovation in processes and technology,"
Gtpl Broadband,3.9,(263 Reviews),Private,Ahemdabad + 34 more,17 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"GTPL Hathway is one of India's leading Cable TV and Broadband service providers. Our Digital Cable TV services reach an estimated 8 million households in over 500 cities across India including towns in Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan, West Bengal, Jharkhand, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Goa and Assam. GTPL Hathway is the largest MSO in Gujarat with a 67% share of the Cable TV market and is the second largest player in the cable market of Kolkata and Howrah with a 24% market share. GTPL Hathway has a significant presence in all other markets that it operates in."
Ryan Internation...,3.8,(263 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 36 more",31 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Ryan International School, Noida was established in the year 1992 with an aim to provide ‘Excellence in Education and ‘All round Development’.The school is divided into three wings and is separated into two buildings. One of the buildings contains the Montessori sections and is a little away from the main building. The main building has three floors and a basement, and is divided into two blocks, A and B. Block B contains all the junior classes (classes 1-8), the home science lab and the biology lab. Block A has the senior classes (classes 9-12), the chemistry and the physics labs, and the office"
Dusters Total So...,4.0,(263 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 37 more",29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Today, with presence in 50 cities and towns, servicing 800 customers in over 1200 customer locations, Dusters Total Solutions Services Pvt Ltd is one of India’s leading Facility Management Service Providers in terms of scale, reach, customer profile, area under maintenance, employee strength etc.

The year 2008 was pivotal in the history of the company wherein Dusters & Total Solutions merged to form one of India’s largest FM service providers Dusters Total Solutions Services Pvt Ltd (DTSS).

In 2016, DTSS became part of the SIS Group, India’s leading Security & Business Services Organization, Serving 9000+ Customers with 300+ SBU Offices, Employing 2,15,429+ Staff for the past 43 years.

The DTSS ethos is centered on constant enhancement of the service offering, people centricity by encouraging internal growth and strong adherence to compliance all while focusing on increased reach and scale."
Hafele,4.3,(262 Reviews),Private,Nagold + 32 more,100 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Häfele set foot in India in 2001 as a liaison office essentially handling Hospitality projects for its line of Access Control Systems – Dialock. The growing hardware demand and the increasing architectural maturity motivated the company to start full commercial operations in India in 2003 as a wholly owned subsidiary by the name, Häfele India Pvt. Ltd. With its head office in Mumbai, 6 regional offices with Design Centers in all major metros and sales presence across the country, Häfele India has, over the last 10 years, acquired a leading position in the Indian Architectural Hardware Industry. Today, Häfele India employs over 600 people who cater to a wide customer base with the help of an efficient distribution network, comprehensive logistics system and a sophisticated warehouse located in Mumbai. Häfele India lays pride in its diverse range of quality products, well-networked channel partners and unmatched service to customers; with an overall product range consisting of more than 150000 articles and 400 dealers across India. The ability of the company to understand the diverse Indian market and adapt to the changing tastes and trends, has made it an authority in the field of architectural hardware, furniture fittings and kitchen fittings and accessories. With this successful backing and the promise to grow in manifolds, the company has expanded to meet the ever-growing demands not only from India but also its neighboring countries. Owing to this, Häfele India has spread its operations to countries like Nepal, Bangladesh, Bhutan and most recently, Sri Lanka. The company has also forayed into related industries by launching independent product verticals namely Kitchens, Appliances, Lights, Sanitary and Quartz Surfaces to cater to the focused demands from these industries."
Axtria,3.4,(262 Reviews),Private,"Berkeley Heights,New Jersey + 7 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a data analytics company helping leading organizations solve some of their most complex problems. Consistently named among fastest growing companies in the US, and recognized as an “innovation hub” for building award-winning products, Axtria is one of the biggest players in the data analytics industry.

Life @ Axtria: 
Axtrians are passionate about growth and thrive in a culture of learning & collaboration. We realize that Data expertise is in high demand, and our work has enormous impact in the industry. We don't take this lightly, and constantly challenge ourselves to improve, innovate, and empower others. We are part of a transparent and nimble organization where we communicate freely without any hierarchical boundaries. 

Rapid Career Progression:
Our commitment to success begins with our people. We have built a growth platform that offers the fastest career progression, best training, and mentoring from leading experts in the industry.

At Axtria, it has always been our endeavour to build an institution that is synonymous with great work culture, and the foundation of a great work culture rests upon strong ethics & “RIGHT” values. We therefore take our compliances and values non-negotiable. It is important that every Axtrian demonstrates highest level of integrity and abides by all Axtria compliances and polices. With that value mindset, we value integrity over performance – we will (and have in the past) let people go on compromised integrity. We have, without discretion, passionately invested in people to ensure they can meet their promise and potential. It is our responsibility to ensure an ethical environment that thrives on the right values and responsible behaviour – towards our employees, clients, investors, and society."
Xdbs,3.5,(262 Reviews),Private,"Redwood City,San Francisco + 2 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At XDBS, we primarily work with media agencies, publishers and marketing companies looking to leverage marketing automation and digital marketing capacity and capability to execute lead generation programs. Our mission is to enable global marketing, media and technology companies realize their cross-vertical sales and marketing potential, helping them gain leadership positions in preferred markets."
Ge T & D India,4.4,(262 Reviews),Public,"Henderson,Nevada + 22 more",66 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"With over 100 years of presence in India, GE T&D India is a leading player in the Power Transmission & Distribution business with a product portfolio ranging from Medium Voltage to Ultra High Voltage (1200 kV) for Power Generation, Utility, Industry and Infrastructure markets. GE T&D India has a predominant presence in all stages of the power supply chain, with a wide range of products that include Power Transformers, Circuit Breakers, Gas Insulated Switchgears, Instrument Transformers, Substation Automation Equipment. Digital Software Solutions, Turnkey Solutions for Substation Engineering & Construction, Flexible AC Transmission Systems, High Voltage DC & Services suite of offerings."
Torry Harris Int...,4.0,(262 Reviews),Private,Perth Amboy + 3 more,25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills, Torry Harris Integration Solutions - “THIS” is a global IT specialist with leading capabilities in next-gen digital products, services, and consulting. We enable clients from multiple industries increase their digital capabilities through the miracle of integration. As a recognized leader in IT excellence and delivery, we aim to create value and shared success both for our clients and the people who matter the most, our employees.

Torry Harris was formally registered in the year 1998 in New Jersey, United States; the company has offices in the USA, UK, Ireland, France, Austria, Germany, and UAE, with development centers in Bangalore and Gurugram (India). Over the years, Torry Harris has worked with leading fortune 500 organizations, including leading telecom operators, energy giants and pharma leaders in Europe.

With a continued focus on delivery excellence and an employee-focused work culture, Torry Harris has received numerous industry accolades, including the coveted Comparably’s: Best Work-Life Balance (2018) award. Today, the organization boasts over 1,800 employees working in various capacities to deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day."
Eversendai,3.6,(262 Reviews),Private,"Selangor Darul Ehsan,Selangor Darul Ehsan + 13 more",39 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The history of Eversendai goes back to 1984 and after three decades of unparalleled experience, technical expertise and a strong network across various countries, Eversendai is recognised as a leading global organisation in undertaking turnkey contracts; delivering projects for high rise buildings, power plants, Oil & Gas upstream and downstream including process and industrial plants as well as infrastructure and composite structures in the Asian and Middle Eastern regions.We have a dedicated workforce of over 15,000 people and an impressive portfolio of more than 300 accomplished projects in over 14 different countries with 5 steel fabrication factories located in Malaysia, Dubai, Sharjah, Qatar and India, with an annual capacity of 150,000 tonnes. With our state-of-the-art steel fabrication factories, we have constructed some of the world’s most iconic landmark structures. These include the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, Petronas Tower 2 in Malaysia, Khalifa Olympic Stadium in Qatar, Kingdom Centre in Saudi Arabia and Republic Plaza in Singapore."
Ben Franklin Opt...,4.0,(262 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 76 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Ben Franklin opticians is owned by Eyegear Optics India Pvt. Ltd. We aim to bring international standard optical care through our prestigious Ben Franklin stores across cities in India. The First Ben Franklin store opened its doors to customers in Hyderabad in September 2008.  Currently we have 350+ stores across Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Bihar, Chattisgarh, Chandigarh, Delhi, Goa, Gujarat, Haryana, Jharkhand, Jammu & Kashmir, Kerala, Karnataka, Maharastra, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, Punjab, Rajasthan, Tamilnadu, Telangana, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand and West Bengal."
BYJU'S Exam Prep,4.2,(262 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 20 more",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"BYJU’s Exam Prep is the Most Comprehensive Preparation App for all Exams, loved by millions of aspirants across the country. 

We are a rapidly growing team of innovative, inquisitive, like-minded go-getters, who have helped 3 Crore+ Aspirants in achieving their career dreams. We are a young and passionate organisation, with an average employee age of 27 years, who are constantly striving to work towards the aspirants’ cause. We believe in working hard and celebrating achievements harder with our colleagues-turned-friends. The open and approachable culture at BYJU’S Exam Prep ensures an all-round learning experience with equal focus on tech and human skills.

It’s Official! We’re A Great Place to Work!

We at BYJU’S Exam Prep have always strived to be a great place to work & now we’ve proven our mettle. As per Global Authority, BYJU’S Exam Prep has been conferred with the title of Great Place To Work. Being an employee centric organization, we work relentlessly to ensure that the comfort, health & well-being of our employees are never compromised with. We strongly promote equal participation in the workplace so that everyone is able to evolve, grow & improve their skills consistently."
Uplers,4.4,(262 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 9 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Uplers was formed in October 2019 as a result of the merger between 3 independent and successful marketing and technology companies, EmailMonks, WebbyMonks and Octos.

At Uplers, you decide where you want to spend your workday and how! Riding through mountains, enjoying the sound of waves or exploring some cultural heritage. 

We are a fully remote company where you will experience a work-life balance and grow to your full potential. This place is for you if you have a dynamic spirit and take every opportunity that comes your way. We will empower you to succeed and celebrate all your wins like our own!"
Essar Group,4.0,(1.4k Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 35 more",54 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"The Essar group operates a number of world-class assets diversified across the core sectors of energy, metals & mining, infrastructure (comprising ports and EPC businesses) and services (primarily comprising shipping, telecom retail, technology and outsourcing businesses). These assets are controlled by Essar Global Fund Limited, an investment fund managed by its investment manager, Essar Capital Limited."
PayU Payments,4.0,(266 Reviews),Private,Amsterdam + 10 more,21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"PayU India is the flagship company of Naspers group which is a $25 Billion internet and media conglomerate listed on London and Johannesburg stock exchanges respectively. PayU provides payment gateway solutions to online businesses through its cutting-edge and award-winning technology. In India, PayU serves more than 4,50,000+ merchants with over 100+ payment methods and is the preferred payments partner for nearly 60% of the e-commerce merchants, including all leading e-commerce companies and a majority of airline businesses.

PayU also launched LazyPay in 2017, an alternate lending platform to offer credit solutions such as Small Ticket Credit (Buy Now Pay Later), App-based loans (Instant personal loans) and Point of Sale Credit (Merchant EMI). LazyPay Buy Now Pay Later is currently live on 100+ merchants such as Byju’s, Swiggy, Zomato, Samsung, Croma, PVR, Box8, Bookmyshow, ixigo, Netmeds and many more."
Cotiviti,4.0,(261 Reviews),Private,South Jordan + 2 more,44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Cotiviti is a leading data and analytics company, offering software and technology-enabled services that leverage unparalleled clinical and financial datasets to deliver deep insights into the performance of the healthcare system.  
We support the financial strength of health plans as they migrate to a value-based system."
M3M India,3.9,(261 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 3 more",38 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"M3M Group stands for 'Magnificence in the Trinity of Men, Materials & Money'. The motto of the company is ""quality, timely delivery and excellence"". Distinguishing features of M3M within the industry are its innovative, unique and unparalleled concepts, multi-dimensional realty solutions and unmatched high service standards. Showing its commitment towards developing state-of-the-art real estate masterpieces, M3M has always strived to garner the best talent in the industry. The company has gained valuable experience in the real estate sector with diverse and complementary talents from a rich network of top notch intermediaries, financial institutions, high-net-worth individuals and some of the most reputed developers in India."
SRM University,3.8,(261 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 21 more,38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SRM Institute of Science and Technology (formerly known as SRM University) is one of the top ranking universities in India with over 38,000 students and more than 2600 faculty across all the campus, offering a wide range of undergraduate, postgraduate and doctoral programs in Engineering, Management, Medicine and Health sciences, and Science and Humanities."
Enco Engineers C...,3.8,(261 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 6 more",40 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Enco Engineers Combine Pvt. Ltd. established in 1983 are leading manufacturers of high precision Sheet Metal Parts and Assemblies for Automobile, White Goods and Engineering Industries. ENCO is a leading sheet metal and suspension component supplier to to Maruti Suzuki.

Our manufacturing facilities are located in Gurgaon, Dharuhera and Chennai."
Silverlink Techn...,4.5,(261 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 13 more",20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Silverlink Technologies as a decade old global IT consulting and staffing services Company offering Information technology & engineering specific services, strategic outsourcing, and integration services through a unique on-site, off-site delivery model that helps our clients to achieve rapid deployment, world-class quality and reduced costs.

Silverlink collaborates with clients to help them become high-performance businesses by leveraging comprehensive business and technology solutions across diverse domains. Silverlink offers integrated portfolio of services including software-led IT solutions, remote infrastructure management, and BPO."
Blackrock,4.1,(261 Reviews),Private,"New York City,New York + 7 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"BlackRock is a global asset manager. We help investors build better financial futures. As a fiduciary to investors and a leading provider of financial technology, our clients turn to us for the solutions they need when planning for their most important goals. Our founding mission was to establish a firm that thinks differently about managing investment risks to best serve our clients, and this is still at our core today.

We challenge businesses to reach higher standards. We use technology to think beyond what’s possible. We provide investment solutions for every need. We aim to simplify a complex world. We help chart paths towards financial health. We are BlackRock, and we are invested in your financial well-being"
Visaka Industrie...,4.2,(261 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 35 more",42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded by Dr. G. Vivekanand in 1983, Visaka Industries Limited has multiple product portfolios ranging from corrugated cement sheets, fibre cement boards, hybrid solar roofs and manmade yarn. Under his able leadership, Visaka is at the forefront for developing sustainable products and has been meeting demands from both domestic and international markets.With a transformed product portfolio under Vnext, today, Visaka is enabling consultants, builders, architects and applicators in the market to emphasise on sustainable architecture as they help build the future®. Our Vnext Boards are designed to provide strength, stability and fit seamlessly within the architectural domain, offering an aesthetic solution. Vpremium Planks, a specialty grade offering from Visaka have become the choice of many specifiers, engineers, builders and contractors, and are tested to withstand extreme outdoor applications.A Credible, Passionate and Innovativesolution ProviderVisaka also manufactures and is a global supplier of its Wonder Yarn, a manmade spool that has carved a niche for various fabric applications across garments, apparels, furnishings, automotive fabrics and other technical textiles. With its world class manufacturing set up, Visaka is famed for roofing the largest Muratec twinning jet spun yarn technology facility.To address energy demands in a sustainable way, Visaka has launched a path-breaking hybrid roof-top solar product called ATUM – the first of its kind in India. With its superior techno-functional capabilities, ATUM is thermally efficient, and generates 20% more revenue when compared to conventional solar panels. With its unmatched durability, ATUM is the only renewable energy solution that comprises a roof and solar panel designed to meet the consistent energy demands and can be managed on your smartphone.With 12 manufacturing units, 13 marketing offices and a PAN India distribution channel of over 7000 dealer outlets, Visaka Industries Limited has emerged a sustainable business enterprise and a GreenPro certified (IGBC) organisation.Our corporate philosophy and business interactions made us retain all our customers since its inception, signifying a testimonial of our commitment to all stakeholders. Corporate governance and professional management of company affairs have kept Visaka on a steady path to growth, and consistent dividend pay-outs to shareholders have been well-appreciated over the years.Driven by values, our Visaka Charitable Trust has been in operation in serving the society – much before CSR regulations were promulgated."
Morepen Laborato...,3.7,(261 Reviews),Public,"Baddi,Himachal Pradesh + 24 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1984 by Mr. KB Suri, Morepen Laboratories Limited started off as a pure API manufacturer. In 1985, it commenced the production of bulk drugs and over the years it moved up from manufacturing simple semi-synthetic products to products with complex multi stage synthesis. The company went public in 1993."
Ppap Automotive,3.9,(261 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 10 more",45 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"PPAP Automotive Limited (PPAP) is a leading manufacturer of Automotive Sealing Systems, Interior and Exterior Automotive parts in India. The Company’s state of the art manufacturing facilities are located across the country’s Automotive manufacturing hubs. Established in 1978 for the manufacture of custom-made extrusion products, the Company commenced the automotive parts business in 1985 with the start of production of Maruti (Maruti Suzuki) cars in the Indian market. Over the years, the company has added many OEM’s as its customers in the passenger vehicle segment as well as two wheeler and commercial vehicle segments. The company’s core competence is in developing Automotive Body Sealing systems as well as Interior and Exterior Injection molded parts. The company supports its customers in designing as well as Build to Print solutions."
You Broadband,4.0,(261 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Set up in 2001 by British Gas as Iqara Broadband, YOU Broadband India Limited (formerly known as YOU Broadband India Pvt. Ltd.) is now a subsidiary of Vodafone Idea Limited.

YOU Broadband is a category 'A' ISP and India's first ISO accredited broadband service provider. The company also has IP-1 Registration No.39/2001 dated 1st May, 2001 from DOT Govt. of India in the name of YOU Broadband India Limited.

Being a leading independent ISPs in India, YOU Broadband offers high speed Internet and voice services through various state-of-the-art delivery platforms to residential, SME and corporate customers in 18 cities. As a part of its growth plans, YOU Broadband is rapidly expanding its presence in other cities across the country."
SBI Mutual Fund,4.0,(261 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 97 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With over 30 years of experience in fund management, we at SBI Funds Management Pvt. Ltd., bring forward our expertise by consistently delivering value to our investors. We are a Joint Venture between SBI & AMUNDI, one of the world's leading fund management companies. We have a strong and proud lineage that traces back to the State Bank of India (SBI) - India's largest bank. Our mission has been to establish Mutual Funds as a viable investment option to the masses in the country. Today, we have been actively managing our investor's assets not only through our investment expertise in domestic mutual funds, but also through offshore funds and portfolio management advisory services. With our network across India, we deliver value and nurture the trust of our vast and varied family of investors. Excellence has no substitute. And to ensure excellence right from the first stage of product development to the post-investment stage, we are ably guided by our philosophy of ‘growth through innovation’ and our stable investment policies. This dedication is what helps our customers achieve their financial objectives. This makes us one of the largest investment management firms in India, managing investment mandates of over 5.4 million investors. Disclaimer Mutual Fund investments are subject to market risks, read all scheme related documents carefully."
Caparo Maruti,3.8,(790 Reviews),JV,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 11 more",29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Caparo India, the Indian business arm of Caparo Group, began its operations in 1994, as a joint venture with India’s largest car manufacturer— Maruti Suzuki India Limited. Today, through its multiple strategic business entities, the group offers end-to-end solutions in the Design, Development and Manufacture of automotive systems, assemblies, modules and components for Automotive OEMs and Engineering majors.

Caparo India leverages its exhaustive capabilities in Metal Stamping, Fastening, Tubing, Forging, Fabrication and Aluminum Foundry businesses, coupled with its state-of-the-art Tool Room and R&D Centre, to service top-notch clients such as Maruti Suzuki, Suzuki Motors, Honda Motorcycle & Scooters, Tata Motors, Renault-Nissan, TAFE, JCB, Volvo Eicher, Ashok Leyland, Mahindra & Mahindra, Royal Enfield, Escorts Tractors & Construction Equipments, International Tractors, New Holland Tractors, Man Trucks, Daimler, Borgwarner, Honeywell, Gabriel, Indian Railways, etc. The company’s ability to offer complete lifecycle solutions backed by technological superiority and customer orientation, make it a force to reckon with in its areas of expertise.

Caparo India currently employs 5000 direct and indirect employees across 24 world-class functional and upcoming facilities."
EID Parry (India...,4.2,(275 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 26 more",235 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"E.I.D. – Parry (India) Limited (E.I.D. Parry) is a listed company engaged in the business of Sugar and Nutraceuticals. Headquartered in ‘Dare House’ a heritage building, in Chennai, India, the Company is a part of the INR 369 Billion Murugappa Group, one of India’s leading business conglomerates."
HyperCITY,4.5,(260 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 18 more",19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"""HyperCITY Retail (India) Ltd. is part of the Future Group, a leader in the Indian retail sector. HyperCITY is a hypermarket in the true sense and offers its customers a dominating assortment of quality products at great value in a large, modern and exciting format. It also offers other value added services like consumer finance, ATM facility, telecom services, pharmacy, Bakery and Restaurants etc under one roof to make the shopping experience more rich, convenient and complete. HyperCITY launched its first store in Malad, Mumbai, which is spread over 1,20,000 sq ft. HyperCITY offers over 44,000 Products sourced from both local &amp; global markets to choose from &amp; boasts of quality, distinctive, dominant assortment at great value. HyperCITY promises convenience of everything under one roof &amp; International shopping ambience that rivals the best in the world."
Gulf Oil Lubrica...,4.1,(260 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 51 more",30 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Gulf Oil Lubricants India Ltd (GOLIL), part of the Hinduja Group, is an established player in the Indian Lubricants Industry. Gulf Oil International, parent of GOLIL, owns the Gulf brand globally (except USA, Spain & Portugal). With operations primarily in the Automotive and Industrial segments, and a leading presence in the open market through a stellar distributor network, we supply directly to OEMs and other B2B customers (Industries, Infrastructure, Mining & Fleet Customers, State Transport and Government Undertakings). The ‘Gulf Oil’ brand is known for our rich history and association with the world of sports, and we are proud to have the modern legend, Mahendra Singh Dhoni as our Brand Ambassador. We also have a rich Motorsport history and have sponsored and partnered with various esteemed sports associations such as IPL, Manchester United Football Club, World Endurance Championship (WEC) and World Super Bike Racing (WSBK)."
Sapphire Foods I...,3.8,(260 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 37 more",8 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Sapphire Foods was set up in September 2015, by the acquisition of about 250 KFC and Pizza Hut Stores in India and Sri Lanka, by a group of leading Private Equity firms and is managed by a team of professionals.We aspire to be the best restaurant operator in the Indian Subcontinent. We know that the badge of the best restaurants has to be earned. And we know that when we focus on the right things, day in and day out, we will turn our aspiration into a reality. It’s the teamwork that will make the dream work."
Metalman Auto,4.0,(259 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 17 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sheet Metal Fabricated Assemblies * Tubular Fabricated Assemblies * Surface Treatment Metalman Auto (P) Ltd. Is a global supplier to Automotive OEM’s, Heavy Fabrication & Construction Equipment Industry, Off Road Vehicles and the White Goods Industry. Specializing in the manufacture of Sheet Metal and Tubular Fabricated Assemblies and Sub Assemblies with In House Surface Treatment facilities including:• Ni-Cr Plating • Cataphoresis Electrolysis Deposition (CED Painting) • Epoxy Powder Coating & Phosphating"
Me n Moms,3.5,(259 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 36 more",29 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Conceived in the year 1994, established by first generation entrepreneur Mr. Naresh Khatar, M.D. and Founder, Me n Moms aims to make parenting a more joyful journey. From a single store outlet to now being a Pan India entity with more than 100 outlets, Me n Moms currently is a 200 crore empire which is home-grown. The understanding towards the needs of a modern Indian mother while keeping in mind the child's comfort and over all development has been a catalyst of this brand's success."
Hilex,4.0,(259 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 10 more",77 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"HI-LEX is a leading supplier of innovative, high quality electromechanical devices and control cables ideally tailored to customer needs."
Suroj Buildcon,4.2,(259 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 22 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We SUROJ BUILDCON PVT. LTD. are recognized as India’s leading construction company, providing services to reputed MNC’s & Indian Conglomerate clientele in various sectors. SUROJ is the product of hard work, perseverance and integrity. Our journey that began in a meagre office space, today has a strong workforce nationally. To us excellence is a habit, and we always strive to do better. We are a company with a strong ethical compass and a spectacular track record of excellence in the industry. For the past two decades, our proven expertise has led us to build a mammoth number of projects worth many millions square meters. Our presence is across - Pharmaceutical, Chemical, Food, Beverages, Automobile, Heavy Engineering, Warehousing, Restoration, Institutional, Petrochemical and other sectors. SUROJ is also registered as Class I-A Contractor in the Government sector. We understand what it takes for your project to become a reality. We are in the relentless pursuit of value creation and skill building."
R.S. Infraprojec...,4.0,(259 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 31 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"R.S. Infraprojects Pvt. Ltd. is a growing infrastructure Engineering Procurement and Construction (EPC) company in India, engaged in projects in the power transmission and telecommunication sectors. The company’s focus on timely execution of projects and the quality of construction services makes R.S. Infra a trusted partner for many domestic and international clients in both the private and the public sector. Furthermore our belief that the ‘customer is king’ ensures a long and sustainable relationship between R.S. Infra and its clients. The company’s EPC business is supplemented by its manufacturing capabilities, with three factories set up in the Greater Noida Area. Today, the company has a capacity of 65,000 MTs of galvanized steel structures per annum, with a larger capacity expansion in the works. Our cost efficient and top of the line manufacturing plants gives R.S. Infra a distinct cost and quality advantage over most of its competitors in the EPC business. Today, we manufacture telecommunication towers, power transmission towers, monopole towers, sub-station structure, solar panel mounting structures and FM/ TV towers. With a highly professionalized and technology enabled team, R.S. Infraprojects is in the right place to meet the growing demand for quality infrastructure in India and other developing countries. We are committed to exceed the standards of all Quality, Environment and Occupational Health & Safety requirements in all our projects."
ITI,3.8,(259 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 54 more",75 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ITI Limited is a public sector undertaking in the telecommunications technology segment established as a departmental factory in 1948. The company has manufacturing facilities in Bengaluru, Naini, Rae Bareli, Mankapur and Palakkad along with an R&D centre in Bengaluru and 25 Marketing, Services & Projects (MSP) centers in India, which are located at Bengaluru, Bhubaneshwar, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Lucknow, Mumbai, New Delhi and 17 other places spread across the country.The company has a diverse suite of products including manufactured products like Gigabit Passive Optical Network (GPON), Managed Leased Line Network (MLLN) products, Stand Alone Signaling Transfer Point(SSTP), Wi-Fi Access Point, Radio Modem, SMPS, Set Top Box, Defence products like multi-capacity encryption units, Bulk encryption Units (BEU), Terminal End Secrecy Devices (TESD), Passive infrastructure products such as Optical Fiber Cable, HDPE duct, Antenna, diversified products such as smart energy meters, smart cards, solar panels, mini personal computers."
Grab A Grub Serv...,4.1,(259 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 66 more,10 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Launched in 2013, Grab was India’s first startup to offer tech-abled delivery solution to businesses. Over these years, Grab has built an expansive fleet of bike riders that move products in a hyper local region as well as intracity deliveries via our four wheeler network.

Our logistics platform is for businesses ranging from restaurants, online grocers, offline and online retail commerce, kirana stores, pharmacies, banks, telecom – in other words – for any business that seeks to deliver a product on a recurring basis. For over 5 years, we have been delivering for some of the best restaurants and leading food aggregators across India."
Texmaco Rail and...,3.9,(259 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 28 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Texmaco Rail & Engineering Ltd. (TEXMACO), is an ISO: 9001-2008, a premier multi-discipline, multi-unit engineering and Infrastructure Company, with 5 manufacturing units extending over 170 acres in the outskirts of Kolkata. The Company was formed after demerger into it of the Heavy Engineering and Steel Foundry Divisions of the parent company Texmaco Ltd., founded in 1939 by the renowned industrialist, Late Dr. K.K.Birla. Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited is an engineering and infrastructure company and it is presently the flagship company of the Adventz Group, headed by the Chairman Mr. Saroj Kumar Poddar, comprising renowned companies, such as, Zuari Agro Chemicals Limited, Zuari Infraworld India Limited and Hettich India Pvt Limited."
Me n Moms,3.5,(259 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 36 more",29 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Conceived in the year 1994, established by first generation entrepreneur Mr. Naresh Khatar, M.D. and Founder, Me n Moms aims to make parenting a more joyful journey. From a single store outlet to now being a Pan India entity with more than 100 outlets, Me n Moms currently is a 200 crore empire which is home-grown. The understanding towards the needs of a modern Indian mother while keeping in mind the child's comfort and over all development has been a catalyst of this brand's success."
Metalman Auto,4.0,(259 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 17 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sheet Metal Fabricated Assemblies * Tubular Fabricated Assemblies * Surface Treatment Metalman Auto (P) Ltd. Is a global supplier to Automotive OEM’s, Heavy Fabrication & Construction Equipment Industry, Off Road Vehicles and the White Goods Industry. Specializing in the manufacture of Sheet Metal and Tubular Fabricated Assemblies and Sub Assemblies with In House Surface Treatment facilities including:• Ni-Cr Plating • Cataphoresis Electrolysis Deposition (CED Painting) • Epoxy Powder Coating & Phosphating"
Impetus Technolo...,3.8,(258 Reviews),Private,Los Gatos + 14 more,32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Impetus grow faster than you have as leaders in cloud, data, and AI engineering, We at Impetus, create software products and solutions that enable a real-time, data-driven, and intelligent enterprise on the cloud. Impetus is a proud partner to several Fortune 100 companies. Join us as we expand our stellar award-winning team."
Toyoda Gosei Min...,4.0,(258 Reviews),Private,Aichi + 15 more,15 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Making its mark in the International Grid of Automobile Components Manufacturing, UNO MINDA Group steers ahead as a leading Tier 1 supplier of Proprietary Automotive Solutions to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs). Incepted way back in 1958 with a meagre start-up capital and now notching up a group turnover beyond INR 80 Billion, speaks volumes of the conglomerate that it is today."
Serum Institute ...,4.3,(258 Reviews),Private,Pune + 13 more,57 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Serum Institute of India Pvt. Ltd. is now the world's largest vaccine manufacturer by number of doses produced and sold globally (more than 1.3 billion doses) which includes Polio vaccine as well as Diphtheria, Tetanus, Pertussis, Hib, BCG, r-Hepatitis B, Measles, Mumps and Rubella vaccines. It is estimated that about 65% of the children in the world receive at least one vaccine manufactured by Serum Institute. Vaccines manufactured by the Serum Institute are accredited by the World Health Organization, Geneva and are being used in around 170 countries across the globe in their national immunization programs, saving millions of lives throughout the world"
Navin Fluorine I...,4.0,(258 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",56 years old,501-1k Employees (India),Navin Fluo Intl Company History. Navin Fluorine International Limited was incorporated in June 25th 1998. The Company belongs to a reputed industrial house of Padmanabh Mafatlal Group in India. It has largest integrated fluorochemicals complex in India since 1967.
Writer Safe Guar...,3.9,(258 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 63 more",22 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Over the years Writer Corporation has evolved from being 20 employee, single service operation to a leading multi business enterprise with over 10500+ employees across geographies with a single goal to consistently meet and exceed our customers expectations through premium quality services. Imagination and innovation have been the hallmark of Writer Corporation, which has helped align our service capabilities with the evolving needs of corporates and individuals across the world. Tracing its origins back to a Mumbai based packing company started in 1953, the organisation has established a reputation of superior quality within Relocations, Information Management, Cash Management and Realty."
Virtual Employee,3.7,(258 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 9 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Virtual Employee (P) Ltd was conceived and established in 2007 by Mr. Narinder Singh Mahil, a second-generation US-based senior IT professional, to showcase the highly skilled Indian professionals through a global staffing platform based in India. Today, his dream has turned into a 1500+ strong company—ISO 9001 & 27001  certified and NASSCOM-affiliated—with a global client base across five continents and a comprehensive range of services in IT and non-IT domains across multiple industries."
ITC Limited Food...,4.1,(258 Reviews),Kolkata + 44 more,113 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"ITC's Branded Packaged Foods business is one of the fastest growing foods businesses in India, driven by the market standing and consumer franchise of its popular brands - Aashirvaad, Bingo! Sunfeast, Fabelle, Sunbean, Yippee! Kitchens of India, B Natural, ITC Master Chef, Farmland, mint-o, Candyman and GumOn. The Foods business is today represented in multiple categories in the market - Staples, Spices, Biscuits, Confectionery & Gums, Snacks, Noodles & Pasta, Beverages, Dairy, Ready to Eat Meals, Chocolate, Coffee and Frozen Foods.

ITC's uncompromising commitment to the health and safety of its consumers ensures adherence to the highest levels of quality, safety and hygiene standards in manufacturing processes and in the supply chain. All ITC-owned manufacturing units are Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) certified. The quality performance of all manufacturing units is monitored continuously online. Going beyond process control, ITC ensures that quality standards are scrupulously adhered to while choosing ingredients that go into the preparation of its food products. (Know more about ITC's Food Policy)

ITC's Foods brands delight millions of households with a wide range of differentiated, value-added products developed by leveraging ITC's in-house R&D capabilities, relevant consumer insights, a deep understanding of the Indian palate gained from its Hotels business, its agri-sourcing & packaging strengths, exciting, innovative communication and an unmatched distribution network.

The business continues to invest in every aspect of manufacturing, distribution and marketing to ensure that it can leverage emerging opportunities and fulfill its aspiration of being the most trusted provider of Branded Packaged Foods in the country. ITC's Foods business also exports its products to the key geographies of North America, Africa, Middle East and Australia."
Solara Active Ph...,3.8,(258 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 12 more",5 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Solara Active Pharma Sciences is a young, dynamic, entrepreneurial and customer oriented API manufacturer. We have a legacy of over three decades and trace our origins to the API expertise of Strides Shasun Ltd. and the technical knowhow of human API business from Sequent Scientific Ltd. We are poised to bridge the industry gap by delivering value based products while maintaining focus on the customer needs. We have 140+ scientists working at our two R&D Centers and 4 API manufacturing facilities armed with global approvals and 2 dedicated R&D facilities."
TVS Eurogrip,3.6,(258 Reviews),Public,Madurai + 35 more,41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bikes these days have gone beyond a motor transportation. They are an extension of their millennial riders who constantly seek new experiences and adventure. Every ride is a quest for the next best thing. These riders don’t believe in succeeding in a one-dimensional way but want to experience life while succeeding.

Powered by global design and technological acumen, TVS Eurogrip is the Bike Tyre Specialist that reflects this ambition of the new generation.

It is a promise that our brand will – OUTLIVE, OUTPERFORM & OUTDO."
DesignTech Syste...,3.3,(257 Reviews),Private,Pune + 25 more,25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"DesignTech Systems Ltd. is a leading CAD / CAM / CAE / PLM Solutions, Additive Manufacturing technologies, and Engineering Services provider from India. With more than 20 years of experience we have been working with companies from cross vertical domains from India and overseas to support them in their most complex and challenging engineering initiatives while helping them derive best returns on their investments. DesignTech Systems is a strategic business partners in India for many renowned global companies in the area of product design, development and manufacturing. We are strategic business partners in India for PTC Inc. for their CAD, PLM, Augmented Reality and Industrial IoT products (Creo, Windchill, Vuforia, ThingWorx), Stratasys 3D printers & Altair Engineering (India, Singapore & Malaysia), Rosetta Stone Adaptive Blended Learning, MathWorks, hyperMILL – CAM software for NC programming, ESI, Solidscape, DCS and Synopsys. Besides that, we also provide the Product design and development services or engineering services at every stage of product lifecycle starting from concept development, 3D Modelling and validation, product design analysis and simulation, to developing interactive 3D technical documentations. Moreover, DesignTech Systems is also the Recipient of some of the prestigious awards like Maharashtra Government IT award in 2010, being adjudged among the top 50 emerging companies in India by NASCCOM in 2010 and many more. CRISIL has accorded DesignTech the rating of MSE 1 which stands for Highest credit worthiness. Education and training wing of DesignTech Systems, “DesignTech CAD Academy” is an authorised training partner of Altair for their CAE suites of solutions and Dassault Systèmes for CATIA , imparting training to the working professionals and students alike on the latest version of licensed software under the mentoring and supervision of certified trainers."
Maharashtra Seam...,3.6,(257 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 11 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"India’s largest manufacturer of Seamless and ERW steel pipes&tubes, incorporated during year 1988.MSL is a flagship company of D P Jindal Group of 1 billion USD turnover with ICRA credit rating of “AA”&D&B credit rating of 5A2. MSL is led by a dynamic management team comprising of its Executive Chairman Mr. D.P Jindal & Managing Director Mr.Saket Jindal. The company has consistently undergone expansion & routinely upgraded to the latest technology to keep ahead of the curve. Not only into the Pipes and Tubes, MSL has diversified its business portfolio in varied strategic areas such as Renewable Power generation and acquisition of a stake in an iron ore mine in Amapa, Brazil."
Toshiba JSW Powe...,4.2,(257 Reviews),Private,"Chiyoda-ku,Tokyo-to + 10 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Toshiba JSW Power Systems Private Limited is a Joint Venture between Toshiba Corporation, Japan (Toshiba) and JSW Group, India (JSW) was initially incorporated to manufacture and market super-critical Steam turbines and Generators for Thermal Power Plants in India. It was established in September 2008, and started its commercial operation in January 2011.  

It has been merged with Toshiba Thermal & Hydro Power Systems Company, a division of Toshiba India Private Limited to broaden the gamut from Manufacturing to One-stop Solution for Engineering, Manufacturing, Procurement, Construction and Services (EMPCS) of Thermal Power Plant.  

The facility is located at Manali, about 18 kilometers north of central Chennai, Tamil Nadu with a ground area of approximately 400,000 square meters.  Toshiba JSW will manufacture and market mid- to large-sized steam turbines and generators ranging from 500-megawatts (MW) to 1,000MW, for highly efficient super-critical thermal power plants in India.  

Toshiba's power equipment production facility (Keihin Product Operations), in Yokohama, Japan, is supporting Toshiba JSW in ramping up manufacturing and in working toward establishing an independent production scale of 3,000MW a year by 2014.   

Our commitment is to contribute to the generation of cleaner energy and to help meet a surge in demand for power expected in India."
Dharampal Premch...,4.0,(257 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 40 more",94 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"BABA is one of the oldest multi diversified conglomerate brand in India. Anyone who is associated with the Indian Paan Tradition, Flavoured Chewing Tobacco or Pan Masala, knows about the brand BABA and its rich heritage. The company has set the industry standards for the manufacturing of chewing tobacco.

Dharampal Premchand Ltd (DPPCL) pioneers of chewing tobacco business in India with a turnover of more than Rs. 500 crores, is the promoting company of the flagship brand BABA.

Dharampal Premchand Ltd is as diversified as it gets with products ranging from Cigarettes, Chewing Tobacco, Mouth Fresheners, Confectionaries, Deodorants, Premium Gulab Jal to 100% Pure Multipurpose Oils. Our strong global network helps to cater millions of customers worldwide. The Company has state-of-the-art manufacturing units which are spread across India with investments in steel and other fast growing consumer goods.

Shri Dharampal Ji founded DPPCL in 1929 with the sole intention of reviving the grand Indian tradition of Zarda. With this in mind, he began the task of bringing together experts who shared the same vision by starting with a small setup in Chandni Chowk. By providing premium quality products, BABA’s customer base has multiplied continuously."
Eurokids,4.1,(257 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 49 more",22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"A Pre-School is your child’s first experience away from you. To ensure, that this transition from home to school is a smooth process, we have Buddy, your child's Fun Partner at EuroKids Pre-School. As your little bundle of joy takes the first step into a new world, he or she is not alone. Buddy is always there to help your child get comfortable in the nurturing environment of our Pre-School. This makes Buddy your child’s best friend at EuroKids Pre-School."
Sakthi Auto Comp...,3.2,(257 Reviews),Public,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 9 more",40 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sakthi Auto Component Limited is one among the MULTI FACETED Sakthi Group situated at Mukasi Pallagoundenpalayam, Erode District, Tamilnadu State, India, established in the year 1983. Presently the Sakthi Auto has a capacity to produce 24000 Tonnes / annum of S.G.IRON Castings, on a 100 Acre Land with all amenities for Workmen and Officers like Housing, Transport etc. Sakthi Auto is one of the major producers of S.G.Iron Castings, meeting the needs of most of the Automotive and other general Engineering Industries"
Welspun Corp,3.9,(257 Reviews),Mumbai + 15 more,38 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"WCL currently offers a one stop solution in line pipes with a capacity to manufacture Longitudinal (LSAW), Spiral (HSAW) and HFERW / HFI (ERW) pipes. The company additionally offers coating, bending and double jointing facilities, thereby giving a 360-degree pipe solution to its customers.

With a strong culture of ‘Engineering Excellence’, WCL takes pride in being a preferred supplier of Line Pipes in the world. The Company has supplied pipes for some of the most challenging projects and has a credible list of clients that is unmatched in the industry. This is because our business is ordained by strong core values and statements.

The Group has business dealings with companies across the globe, including a number of marquee clients, covering most of the Fortune 100 companies in the Oil & Gas and Retail sectors. Among the group’s subsidiaries is Welspun USA, Welspun Tubular LLC, Welspun Middle East and Welspun UK.
 
In the Line Pipe sector, Welspun has to its credit some of the most prestigious projects including the world’s deepest pipeline project in the Gulf of Mexico, U.S.A, heaviest pipeline project in the Persian Gulf, highest LNG pipeline project in Peru and longest pipeline project from Canada to the US.
 
In the Home Textiles sector, Welspun is the largest integrated towel manufacturer in Asia, a leading supplier to 14 of the top 30 US retailers, and a global supplier offering the entire range of products within the segment.

Behind this rapid rise to prominence lies a story of vision, foresight, planning, excellence and, above all, the willingness to face challenges and overcome them, to devise innovative solutions, to dare to commit, when many others would have taken the less difficult path."
Broadcom,3.4,(267 Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 4 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Broadcom Inc. is a global infrastructure technology leader built on 50 years of innovation, collaboration and engineering excellence.

With roots based in the rich technical heritage of AT&T/Bell Labs, Lucent and Hewlett-Packard/Agilent, Broadcom focuses on technologies that connect our world. Through the combination of industry leaders Broadcom, LSI, Broadcom Corporation, Brocade, CA Technologies and Symantec, the company has the size, scope and engineering talent to lead the industry into the future..

Broadcom is focused on technology leadership and category-leading semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. The company is a global leader in numerous product segments serving the world’s most successful companies.
 
Broadcom Inc. combines global scale, engineering depth, broad product portfolio diversity, superior execution and operational focus to deliver category-leading semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions so its customers can build and grow successful businesses in a constantly changing environment."
Artemis Health I...,4.5,(256 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 9 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Artemis Health Institute, established in 2007, is a healthcare venture launched by the promoters of the Apollo Tyres Group. Artemis is the first Hospital in Gurgaon to get accredited by Joint Commission International (JCI) (in 2013). It is the first Hospital in Haryana to get NABH accreditation within 3 years of start up."
Elecon Engineeri...,4.1,(256 Reviews),Public,Gujrat + 18 more,72 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Elecon Engineering Company Ltd.  was established in the year 1951 as The Pioneers in the manufacturing of Industrial Geared motors and Reducers, Material Handling Equipment, Mining equipment, casting processes etc. Elecon is one of the largest manufacturers of Material Handling Equipments and Industrial Gears in Asia. 

Elecon's recent acquisition of Benzlers- Radicon Group belonging to the David Brown Gear Systems adds to the expertise in the manufacturing of custom made Gearboxes for Steel Mills, High Speed Turbines, Satellites for ISRO and also for the Naval Aircraft carries and many growth sector industries successfully."
Hewlett Packard ...,4.5,(256 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 5 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
eTeam,3.3,(256 Reviews),Private,"South Plainfield,New Jersey + 11 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"eTeam was formed in 1999 with the goal of becoming the supplier of choice for clients, employees and contingent workers. Today, we’re one of the fastest-growing companies in New Jersey and ranked as one of the best companies to work for by Staffing Industry Analysts and New Jersey Business. We’re also an honored member of Deloitte’s Technology Fast 50."
Bhagwati Product...,3.8,(256 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 13 more",21 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Bhagwati Products Limited engages in the manufacture and assembly of electronic items and telecommunication devices. The company was incorporated in 2002 and has it’s registered office at New Delhi. It caters to the ever growing need of the mobile phones and consumable electronics markets in India. There are three plants located at Bhiwadi, Hyderabad and Rudrapur to cater small and large customers across the country.We have an experience of manufacturing more than 40 Million Mobile Phones (Smart Phones & Feature Phones) and 3 Million LED TVs, and Mobile Charger, Li-Ion Batteries, etc."
convergys india ...,3.6,(256 Reviews),Gurgaon/Gurugram + 8 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Bsh Household Ap...,4.2,(256 Reviews),"Munich,Munich + 30 more",56 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"BSH Hausgeräte GmbH is one of the world's leading companies in the sector and the largest home appliance manufacturer in Europe. To be the first choice for consumers worldwide drives the company and its employees. BSH aspires to improve the quality of life for people with its exceptional brands, high-class products and superior solutions.

Alongside the global brands Bosch and Siemens, as well as Gaggenau and Neff, the brand appliance brand portfolio includes the local brands Thermador, Balay, Profilo, Constructa, Pitsos, Coldex and Zelmer. While the global brands are aligned to their respective target groups practically everywhere in the world, the local BSH brands each maintain a strong local relationship to the consumers. In combination with valuable digital services from the Ecosystem Brand Home Connect and Service Brands like Kitchen Stories BSH aims to become a true Hardware+ company.

BSH is a trademark licensee of Robert Bosch GmbH for the Bosch brand and Siemens AG for the Siemens brand."
Tractebel,4.2,(256 Reviews),Private,"Chakkarpur,Haryana + 46 more",30 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Tracing its origins back to the first companies that were born in the second half of the 19th century, Tractebel has continually developed its international activities as an energy infrastructure operator. In addition to this, it also operates as a global engineering consultancy company and general contractor. Engineering a zero-carbon future.

Nearly 8 billion people live on the planet today. And those 8 billion people demand energy, water and other increasingly scarce natural resources to sustain their communities, fuel businesses and realize their human potential. All at a time of unprecedented environmental pressure and a changing climate that urgently demands action. 

At Tractebel, we are not standing down from this challenge. We are standing up with engineering solutions for a sustainable future and the zero-carbon transition our world needs. Tractebel Engineers and experts are delivering game-changing solutions for energy, water, and urban projects in some of the toughest business areas and environments on Earth."
Muthoottu Mini F...,3.7,(256 Reviews),Hyderabad/Secunderabad + 56 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Alpla,4.0,(256 Reviews),Private,"Hard,Vorarlberg + 11 more",68 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"As a modern, family-owned company, ALPLA stands for a responsible, sustainable, and future-oriented mind-set. For this reason, we count on the commitment of our employees. ALPLA is one of the leading companies in the world in the area of packaging solutions and is renowned throughout the world for producing plastic packaging of the highest quality. Around 20,800 employees at 178 locations across 46 countries produce high-quality plastic packaging for brands in the food, beverage, pharmaceutical, oil and lubricant, home, and beauty care industries.
In addition to offering innovative products and cutting edge technologies, as a successful and internationally active family company, ALPLA offers international career development opportunities in numerous professions. Therefore, ALPLA is always interested in talented people who are open-minded, speak multiple languages, as well as specialists and executives."
Grass Roots Rese...,5.0,(256 Reviews),New Delhi + 11 more,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Testbook.com,3.7,(256 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 13 more",9 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The fastest rising startup in the EdTech space, Testbook is poised to revolutionize the industry. With a registered user base of over 56+ lakh students, 130+ crore questions solved on the Web and a knockout Android App, Testbook has raced to the front and is ideally placed to capture bigger markets.

Testbook is the perfect incubator for talent. You come, you learn, you conquer. You train under the best mentors and become an expert in your field in your own right. That being said, the flexibility in the projects you choose, how and when you work on them, what you want to add to them is respected in this startup. You are the sole master of your work."
Magic Bus India ...,4.1,(255 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 39 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"An NGO founded 20 years ago, Magic Bus has made a difference to the lives of 1 Million children and young people. Magic Bus works in the poorest communities to help children and young people transform their lives by working on shaping them today. In the last two decades, Magic Bus has seen outstanding results through the programmes by using sports and activity based curriculum to break the cycle of poverty. Magic Bus is currently impacting 3.75 lakh children and 10,000 young people in 22 states across 77 districts with 7000 Community Youth Leaders and 42 Livelihood Centres. In 2019, Magic Bus celebrates 20 years of making a difference; if you wish to join the communication and encourage more people to be a part of our journey, use #20Something in your dialogue with us."
Tribhovandas Bhi...,4.2,(255 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 33 more",159 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1864 (153 years ago) by Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri in Zaveri Bazaar, the jewellery district of Mumbai, it was subsequently headed by his son, Gopaldas Tribhovandas Zaveri, and now Shrikant Zaveri, is the present chairman and managing director of the group."
Subex,3.5,(255 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 4 more",31 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Subex is a trusted global telecom solutions provider for 75% of the world’s top 50 telcos. Founded in 1992, the year when the video-telephone was launched, we have been part of the evolution of mobile technology. Today, we are consultants to global telecom carriers for operational excellence and business transformation by driving new revenue models, enhancing the customer experience and optimizing the enterprise."
Keysight Technol...,4.1,(255 Reviews),Private,"Santa Rosa,California + 7 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Keysight, we believe every breakthrough idea starts with a vision. We work with the visionaries who imagine what’s next for a more connected and safer world, exploring the edges of test and measurement science to enable these innovators to create the technologies that define our future. 

With more than 80 years of a rich history of innovation and over 1700 US and foreign patents issued or pending, we have customers in more than 100 countries around the globe, served by a passionate and diverse workforce of more than 13,000 employees. With a vision of helping to build a better planet, we take our corporate responsibility efforts to heart, employing environmentally sustainable and socially responsible operations, which have led us to be selected as a North American Index Component of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI)."
RSWM,4.4,(255 Reviews),Public,Noida + 26 more,62 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"As a leader in the domestic and international textile industry, our innovative mindset and visionary approach has blessed us with associations across the globe.Founded by L.N. Jhunjhunwala in 1961, LNJ Bhilwara Group has emerged as a diversified conglomerate with holdings in textiles, graphite electrodes, power generation, power engineering and information technology services. With more than 20 production units, all strategically located in India, the US$1-billion group of companies employs over 25,000 people.
We began as a small textile mill in Bhilwara and have become a leader in the domestic and international textile industry transforming Bhilwara into one of the most important textile hubs in India.
LNJ Bhilwara Group’s success is based on the union of traditional values and an inherent sense of self-reliance and adaptability.
We understand our customers’ and our planet's needs all the same. To do our best, we constantly execute strategies to produce high-quality yarns and, at the same time, reduce our carbon footprint. We're proud to produce a natural and beautiful array of hues, textures, blends and various other concoctions when it comes to yarn."
ABP Group,3.4,(255 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 17 more",101 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In 1922, Anandabazar Patrika first came out as a four-page evening daily that sold at two paise and had a circulation of about 1,000 copies a day. Ninety-five years later, Anandabazar Patrika reaches out to close to six million readers, every day!
Today, the ABP Group has evolved into a media conglomerate that has eleven premier publications, three 24-hour national TV news channels, one leading book publishing business as well as mobile and internet properties. Touching the lives of millions of readers and viewers, daily.
We believe the legacy you leave, is the life you lead. We see ourselves as repositories of best practices and processes. And, at times, when we don't have the very best within, we open windows to look out for expertise. Not surprisingly, ABP is associated with companies and personalities revered across the world.
In the world of journalism, we are not just a media house. We are really an alma mater."
Baroda Global Sh...,3.8,(255 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 41 more,6 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Baroda Global Shared Services Ltd (BGSS) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of Baroda.

Baroda Global Shared Services Ltd. is a state of the art center located at the prime location of GIFT city, Gandhinagar. It has been setup to handle high volume of major back-office processes across the Bank.

BGSS specialises in running the standardising back office processes and ensuring high volumes of operations are carried out in timely and accurate manner. The Specialised staff at BGSS has been trained on the global best practices and use the latest tools and technology to provide the best productivity levels with best in class Turn around Time while also maintaining the highest standards of regulatory compliance."
HEISCO,4.0,(255 Reviews),Private,Safat + 18 more,49 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Heavy Engineering Industries & Shipbuilding Co. K.S.C. (Public) HEISCO is a major Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) Contracting company based in Kuwait with a diversified range of business in Oil and Gas, Petrochemicals, Power, Pressure Equipment Manufacturing, Shipbuilding and Repair, Dredging & Marine Construction, Major Civil Construction, Maintenance and other industrial services including Heavy Industry projects. HEISCO's commitment to its clients is proven by its quality management system certification to ISO 9001: 2015 and Occupational Health & Safety Management System certification to ISO 45001: 2018 standards. Established in 1974 to initially meet the demands of the shipping and maritime industry in the Northern Arabian Gulf, HEISCO has since expanded its operations to meet the challenges of emerging markets. Today, in addition to remaining market leaders in the marine industry, we are also recognized as one of the leading industrial companies in Kuwait, having made a major contribution to the development of the country's commercial and industrial infrastructure through successfully completed projects in virtually every economic sector. Just as our diversification continued to grow, so did our reputation for standards of excellence in quality, performance and customer service."
Essar Projects I...,4.3,(255 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 31 more,54 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Essar Global Fund Limited (“EGFL”) is a global investor, controlling a number of world-class assets diversified across the core sectors of Energy (comprising Exploration & Production, Refining & Marketing and Power businesses), Infrastructure (comprising Ports and EPC businesses), Metals & Minerals, Services (comprising Shipping, and Oilfield services), and Technology (comprising Technology Solutions, Mobile Wallet, Device protection and Customer experience ). EGFL invests long-term capital into the portfolio companies and holds near 100% stake in all its investments. EGFL invests with a sense of active ownership, which involves direct engagement with the management of the respective businesses. The portfolio companies have aggregate revenues of about USD 14 billion and employ over 7,000 people."
Aurangabad Elect...,4.0,(254 Reviews),Private,"Aurangabad,Maharashtra + 5 more",38 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Aurangabad Electricals Limited (AEL), is a global 'Full Service Supplier' of aluminium cast and machined components. It is the upcoming exporter of auto components from India, manufacturing facilities spread over western and northern locations across India, the company manufactures a wide range of Die Cast (HPDC & GDC), Components for 2 and 3 wheelers, passenger cars, HCV, LCV industry.

Over the years, AEL has been investing in creating state-of-the-art facilities, world-class capacities, and capabilities.

AEL has built up a strong capability in design/engineering and value added services, which gives it a Full Service Supply Capability - from product conceptualization to designing and manufacturing."
Venkateshwara Ha...,3.8,(254 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 34 more",52 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The VH group was established in 1971, when motivated by his wife Late Smt. Uttaradevi Rao, our founder Chairman Late Padmashree Dr. B.V.Rao, fondly referred to as “The Father of the Indian Poultry Industry”, established Venkateshwara Hatcheries Pvt. Ltd. in Pune (India). Today the group is popularly known the world over as “Venky’s”. With a unique combination of expertise and experience and supported by strategic collaborations, the company diversified its activities to include SPF eggs, chicken and eggs processing, broiler and layer breeding, genetic research and Poultry diseases diagnostic, Poultry vaccines and feed supplements, vaccine production, bio-security products, Poultry feed & equipments, nutritional health products, soya bean extract and many more. Today the group is the largest fully integrated poultry group in Asia"
Fujiyama Power S...,3.7,(254 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 33 more",27 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Since our inception in 1996, we “UTL” have evolved ourselves as a renowned name in the field of power electronics. Today, we stand as a recognized name offering outstanding R & D and high quality products. 

We offer an extensive range of products including Online UPS, Offline UPS, Inverters, Battery Chargers, SMU(Solar Management Unit), Solar Charge Controllers, Batteries; enabling us to accommodate all the needs of our customers up to their full satisfaction.

While functioning remarkably in the past years, UTL has had the opportunity to serve a number of India’s prominent companies and agencies. To name a few, Air India, Indian Army, Indian Railways, State Bank of Saurashtra, Delhi University, AIIMS and others.

Our advanced products along with a huge production capacity supported by an expanding dealer network have made it possible for us to scale up our customer support significantly. It is worthwhile to mention that the manufacturing unit of the company at Parwanoo in Himachal Pradesh has the capacity to produce up to 1000 high quality Power Conditioning Units per day.

After deepening its roots in the Indian market with our expert range of products and exemplary service, we UTL are further in the progression of marking our presence global. Already operating successfully in a number of Asian and African countries, UTL is ready to make a boom in other regions.

UTL has always been considered as a leader and modernizer in the market, when it comes to innovation. We made our first landmark a decade back by introducing SMT inverters in the country with SMD technology, a technology considered as a dream product at that time. With the introduction of SMD technology, UTL lead the promotion of single card reliability and small size inverters. Another milestone accomplished by the company was the introduction of 4 stage charging technology which later became a trend in the market.

With such innovations and state of the art technologies at UTL we have the distinction of developing advanced technologies suitable for special power conditioning projects for countries like U.S.A.

The major pillars of UTL, experienced personnel and latest techniques are the foundation for its high-quality products entailing minimal service requirements. 

In all, UTL follows the philosophy of leading through unparalleled technologies in dual aspects of business which are its products and services."
Hajee A P Bava C...,3.7,(254 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 34 more",73 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"HAPBCO had its humble beginning in1950 – founded by Late HAJEE A. P. BAVA – an enterprising, dynamic and visionary leader. We have evolved over a period of time and emerged as the undisputed leader in the engineering construction industry, within the country- with scores of noted clients to our credit. Presently, with its Corporate office at Hyderabad, and Registered office at Bengaluru, the Company employs over 15, 000 people. We have established our presence and network throughout the country, with regional offices at Hyderabad, Udaipur, Bhubaneswar, and the Middle East. We have proven ourselves time and again and have become the most reliable, reputed, and efficient Engineering Construction Company in the country. By designing and constructing Cement, Power, Steel, and Petrochemical projects - for the past 60 years, HAPBCO has served as the most powerful driving force behind the remarkable growth of the industry."
Axiscades,3.3,(254 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 6 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"AXISCADES  is a leading, end to end engineering solutions and product company. We bring expertise that caters to the digital, engineering and smart manufacturing needs of large enterprises, With decades of experience in creating  innovative, sustainable and safer products  worldwide, AXISCADES delivers business value across the entire engineering lifecycle."
Kharafi National,4.2,(254 Reviews),Private,Cairo + 16 more,47 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Kharafi National is an Operational Investor undertaking investment, design, engineering, procurement, construction, commissioning and facilities management services as well as a leading multi-discipline general contractor and facilities management services provider to the Oil & Gas, Petrochemical, Power, Water, Wastewater Commercial and Industrial sectors in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA).The success of build-operate-transfer (BOT), build-operate-own (BOO) and public-private partnership (PPP) approaches has turned the traditional contractor’s role from a service provider to a business partner in the operation of an enterprise.At Kharafi National, we strongly believe in the value of co-operation and in developing strategic partnerships with leading technology providers across the globe in order to deliver value-added services to our clients in each discipline and industry in which we are active."
Balmer Lawrie,3.9,(254 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 26 more",156 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded by two Scotsmen, Stephen George Balmer and Alexander Lawrie, in Kolkata, Balmer Lawrie & Co. Ltd. started its corporate journey as a Partnership Firm on 1st February 1867. Traversing the 152 years gone by, today Balmer Lawrie is a Miniratna - I Public Sector Enterprise under the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, Govt. of India, with a turnover of Rs. 1857 crores and a profit of Rs. 280 crores. Along with its five Joint Ventures and two subsidiaries in India and abroad, today it is a much-respected transnational diversified conglomerate with presence in both manufacturing and service sectors. Balmer Lawrie is a market leader in Steel Barrels, Industrial Greases & Specialty Lubricants, Corporate Travel and Logistics Services. It also has significant presence in most other businesses, it operates, viz, Leather Chemicals, Logistics Infrastructure etc. In its 152 years of existence, Balmer Lawrie has been successfully responding to the demands of an ever changing environment, leveraging every change as an opportunity to innovate and emerge a leader in industry."
Dineshchandra R ...,4.0,(254 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 42 more",51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Dineshchandra R. Agrawal Infracon Private Limited, which has been operating successfully over four decades, spearheaded its way in the Infrastructure sector of India.

The fundamental premise of the Company is built on integrity, commitment to quality and excellence, conviction towards customer satisfaction, due diligence for safety and timeliness of our deliverables.

From humble beginnings to earning a position as one of the top construction Companies of the Country, this remarkable feat wouldn’t have been possible without a strong workforce of 4000+ professionals and state-of-the-art information technology."
MITS GLOBAL CONS...,4.7,(254 Reviews),Mumbai + 7 more,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
AccorHotels,4.5,(645 Reviews),Private,Paris + 30 more,56 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Accor is a world-leading augmented hospitality group offering unique and meaningful experiences in almost 4,900 hotels, resorts, and residences across 110 countries. With an unrivalled portfolio of brands from luxury to economy, Accor has been providing hospitality savoir-faire for more than 50 years.

Beyond accommodations, Accor enables new ways to live, work, and play with Food&Beverage, nightlife, wellbeing, and coworking brands. 

Accor is the story of two friends, Paul Dubrule and Gérard Pélisson, who opened their first Novotel in 1967 at a time when no one in France yet believed in this new hotel business model. Through their creativity and boldness, they pushed the boundaries of what is possible ever further. Today their dream of hospitality has become Accor. A wind of conquest still blows over our Group which brings together over 4,900 addresses in 110 countries. Proud heirs of the co-founders' vision, everyday our 280,000 talented people continue to invent the hospitality of tomorrow and bring to life their passion for the guest."
C-Edge Technolog...,4.0,(253 Reviews),Private,Thane + 14 more,17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"C-Edge is a joint venture, between Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. (TCS) and State Bank of India (SBI), to provide transformational capability to the Indian financial services and emerging markets by addressing major technology needs of this industry. We are an integrated solutions provider and have created a niche market for ourselves, in India and abroad, by leveraging the technical and domain competencies of both our parent companies. The rich heritage possessed by our parents has given us many innate advantages resulting in tangible benefits for the banks we serve."
V-Xpress,4.3,(253 Reviews),Private,"Chembur,Maharashtra + 51 more",21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"V-Xpress is India’s premier, dependable expert logistic service provider for many industries. Grow your business for our nationwide network, On Time delivery commitments, 0% pilferage and shortage, and real-time tracking facilities."
Vatika Group,4.1,(253 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 10 more,37 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"Vatika believes in delivering value to all our stakeholders by creating products and services that enhance the value of life.
While real estate is our business, we consider ourselves a service industry… and our service is to design for life – your life. We aim to create spaces that enable you to focus on the things you consider important – whether it is building a business, growing a family, connecting with friends, or simply finding the time and space to pursue your dreams.
Our vision is to create homes, schools, hotels, restaurants, retail spaces, commercial spaces and business centres that uphold unparalleled quality and reflect timelessness."
Markets and Mark...,3.5,(253 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 5 more",13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"MarketsandMarkets is the world's largest revenue impact company, serving over 7500 customers, including 80% of the top 2000 companies in the industries that we track. In the face of constant technology innovation and market disruption, we help organizations plan & operationalize their future revenue mix decisions by identifying over 30,000 high-growth opportunities ranging from $1B to $500B. Our revenue impact methodology provides actionable & quantified insights on converged, granular, and networked market ecosystems that result from disruptive technologies and high-growth markets. We provide an extended lens on not only what will impact our client’s revenue but also what will impact their clients'​ revenues, thus uncovering latent opportunities. Organizations choose MarketsandMarkets™ to stay ahead of the curve and accelerate their hot-bet revenue decisions and implementations by 6 – 12 months giving them a unique fast-mover innovation advantage. We work across all major B2B industries with the C-level executives in functions such as Strategy, Marketing, Sales, R&D, Product, M&A etc.

MarketsandMarkets™ brings exclusive high-growth markets intelligence generated by over 850 SMEs and analysts along with its proprietary Revenue Impact platform, Knowledge Store, to support decision making.  Over 70% of our intelligence is exclusive and we advise our clients on areas such as - What revenues can you expect from newer innovations?  Where are the explicit and latent opportunities, markets, technologies, products, and use cases? What is the opportunity for your client in $ terms by adopting your new products and offerings?. Our engagement model ensures ongoing contextual deep-dives and operationalization of revenue impact decisions. For more information, please visit www.marketsandmarkets.com ."
Medall Healthcar...,3.5,(253 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 42 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Medall Healthcare Pvt. Ltd (Medall), formerly known as Precision Diagnostics has been established by a highly successful serial entrepreneur Mr. Raju Venkatraman, with a vision to provide radiology imaging services and other endeavours to touch, serve and solve the health related challenges of its customers and to provide the highest level of diagnostic confidence to referral physicians. Medall plans to open a chain of Diagnostic and Imaging centers across South India. It currently operates diagnostic centers in Chennai, Bengaluru, Trichy, Tirunelveli, Pudukottai, Rajapalayam and Virudhunagar. Medall started its journey by acquiring Precision Diagnostics in Chennai, one of the city’s leading imaging and diagnostics centers with radiologists of high repute serving customers for the last 21 years, through three centers.The founders of Precision Diagnostics include eminent radiologists Dr. Bharathi Y. Dhala, Dr. K. Rajan, Dr. Bobji Kettay and Dr. Satyabhama Chandrasekaran. This team with a combined experience of more than a 100 years, has gained wide reputation and confidence among referral physicians and customers alike by providing the highest levels of customer satisfaction with sheer excellence and dedication in the quality of diagnostic services in and around Chennai. The radiologist team is now part of Medall’s corporate management team.Medall has also acquired Clumax Diagnostics in Bengaluru. Clumax has been rated as the best diagnostic center in Bengaluru by the “THE WEEK” magazine in a survey of standalone diagnostic centers. Clumax scored the highest on customer satisfaction, clinical competence (both radiologist and pathologist), quality of diagnosis, portfolio of services and so on.Medall also operates Nandhini Shri Diagnostics in Trichy, Shakthi Diagnostics in Tirunelveli, Precision Diagnostics in Pudukottai, Ra"
Jamna Auto Indus...,3.5,(253 Reviews),Public,"Yamunanagar,Haryana + 24 more",69 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"JAI is an Indian multinational suspension system Automotive company headquartered in Delhi, India. It is the largest automotive suspension spring manufacturer in India and amongst top three in the World."
Caratlane Tradin...,4.5,(253 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 22 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CaratLane was founded in 2008, with the objective to make beautiful jewellery accessible, affordable and forever wearable. After speaking to hundreds of women across the country, we came to find that there was a common dilemma women faced - picking between expensive jewellery for special occasions, and everyday jewellery that was of inferior quality and was not keeping pace with their changing lifestyle. CaratLane was founded, to give women access to modern, fine jewellery, that was also wearable everyday.

Today CaratLane is India's largest omni-channel jeweller. CaratLane also has over 82 retail stores across 36 Indian cities."
Aarti Drugs,3.9,(253 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 9 more,39 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Since its inception, the Company has established a strong presence in the Anti-diarrhea, Anti-inflammatory therapeutic groups. With its manufacturing facilities at Tarapur and Sarigam, the Company manufactures Vitamins, Anti-arthritis, Anti-fungal, Antibiotics, ACE inhibitors, besides its range in , anti-diabetic, anti-cholinergic, sedatives and anti-depressant drugs.

Over the years, the Company has been able to carve a niche for itself and is looking forward to expand the volumes. With the government initiative to encourage private health insurance schemes, consumer spending on medicines is expected to increase, which will spur growth in the generic sector in the domestic market.

The manufacturing-units of ADL are GMP certified. The Company is also in the process of acquiring an ISO 9002 compliance for all its units and one of the units has already been approved."
Agro Tech Foods,4.3,(283 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 42 more",37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Agro Tech Foods Ltd (ATFL) is a public limited company engaged in the business of marketing food and food ingredients to consumers and institutional customers. We are listed both on National Stock Exchange (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
We are affiliated to ConAgra Foods, Inc. of USA, which is one the world's largest food companies.
Our vision is to become the Best Performing Most Respected Foods Company in India.
All our product offerings correspond with our Mission of ""Nourishing families... Enriching life"""
Nissan,4.1,(257 Reviews),Private,"Yokohama-shi,Kanagawa + 54 more",90 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Nissan continues its quest to optimize product development and deliver highly innovative technology. Today, in various countries and regions around the world, we enjoy a stellar reputation for creating truly innovative vehicles and service programs."
Aimil Pharmaceut...,3.6,(252 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 34 more",91 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Aimil has been at the forefront of instrumentation industry in India, providing the state-of-the-art Instruments & related services, since 1932. Aimil offers State-of-the-art instruments in the field of Civil Engineering, Electronics, Analytical & Industrial, Hygea Healthcare and Consultancy in the field of Civil Engineering, Noise & Vibration Engineering Services & Condition Monitoring Reliability Services.Through our products, we bring in leading edge technologies at your door steps. We are an ISO 9001: 2008 certified company with all India network of twelve offices staffed and managed by over 800 plus professionals."
Trianz,4.0,(252 Reviews),Private,"Santa Clara,California + 2 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Trianz enables digital transformations through effective strategies and excellence in execution. Collaborating with business and technology leaders, we help formulate and execute operational strategies to achieve intended business outcomes by bringing the best of consulting, technology experiences and execution models. Powered by knowledge, research, and perspectives, we enable clients to transform their business ecosystems and achieve superior performance by leveraging Infrastructure, Cloud, Analytics, Digital and Security paradigms."
Kyungshin Indust...,3.4,(252 Reviews),Chennai + 8 more,26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Kyungshin Industrial Motherson Private Limited (KIML) is a joint venture with Motherson Group and Kyungshin Corporation of South Korea for manufacturing of automotive wiring harnesses.

Kyungshin Corporation is a leading manufacturer of integrated wiring harnesses in Korea. KIML is an integrated wiring harness manufacturing company catering exclusively to the entire wiring harness requirements of Hyundai Motor India Ltd., for its complete range of cars manufactured in India."
Mecon,4.1,(252 Reviews),Private,"Ranchi,Jharkhand + 34 more",64 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Design, Engineering & Consultancy services for Heavy industry viz, Ferrous & Non-ferrous, Oil & Gas, Power, Infrastructure etc"
Madina Group,4.6,(252 Reviews),Private,Doha + 14 more,26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Established since 1997 Madina Group has in-house capabilities to provide safe, innovative, and cost effective engineering solutions to the highest international standards.We offer clients a ‘one stop shop’ approach to all services related to engineering, construction, maintenance, safety training, inspection, access solutions and specialised manpower.HSSE is at the forefront of what we do, and we strive to deliver innovative ways of ensuring this.We recently developed and launched SALAMA which is a hands on interactive HSSE board game and APP, complementing our unique Behavioural Based Safety (BBS) approach.We never compromise on safety."
Indian Space Res...,4.3,(252 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 18 more",54 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"India decided to go to space when Indian National Committee for Space Research (INCOSPAR) was set up by the Government of India in 1962. With the visionary Dr Vikram Sarabhai at its helm, INCOSPAR set up the Thumba Equatorial Rocket Launching Station (TERLS) in Thiruvananthapuram for upper atmospheric research.Indian Space Research Organisation, formed in 1969, superseded the erstwhile INCOSPAR. Vikram Sarabhai, having identified the role and importance of space technology in a Nation's development, provided ISRO the necessary direction to function as an agent of development. ISRO then embarked on its mission to provide the Nation space based services and to develop the technologies to achieve the same independently."
Wipro GE Health ...,4.2,(252 Reviews),Chicago + 27 more,131 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"As a leading global medical technology and life sciences company, we provide a broad portfolio of products, solutions and services used in the diagnosis, treatment and monitoring of patients and in the development and manufacture of biopharmaceuticals.

We help improve outcomes for healthcare providers and for therapy innovators around the world. This means increased capacity, improved productivity and better patient outcomes.We also aim to support our customers in the pursuit of precision health: health care that is integrated, highly personalized to each patient’s needs and that reduces waste and inefficiency.We embrace a culture of respect, transparency, integrity and diversity."
Consulting Engin...,4.4,(252 Reviews),Public,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 42 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CEG is a marque for its global, distinguished and integrated range of skills and expertise and is a trusted name for delivering engineering excellence in the field of infrastructure development.
Our team has an extensive experience in all sectors of infrastructure development covering Roads, Bridges, Rail, Metro, Environment, Urban Transport, Geotechnical Investigation, Environment Quality Control Testing, Inspection Services etc. Over the last 3 decades, CEG has built itself a unique reputation of being a value adding partner to its clients. Our contribution to major infrastructure projects have consolidated this reputation and established partnership with various key local and global associates.

CEG takes great interest in developing a satisfactory and long-lasting relationship with all its clients. Our priority is to excel for the benefit of our clients, through a focus on quality. We put the right people with the right skills on the right project – and this is how our over 1000 professionals working on various projects are responsible in establishing CEG as most promising global organization of the country.

A number of successfully delivered projects speaks about the strength and success of the operations at CEG.

We believe in establishing a healthy and long-lasting relationship with our clients. We are committed to excel for the benefits of our clients with a firm focus on quality by adapting to changing times or through sustainable development.

Now, more than 30 years after it began, CEG is an agile company. Having worked for hundreds of projects, we are now much more confident and a much stronger group of experts than ever before. We are delivering smart solutions for our clients and providing the innovation and insight that comes from a proud legacy of our history."
SHARE Microfin,4.2,(251 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 96 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"SHARE, one of the largest microfinance institutions in India, started its operations in 1989 as a not-for-profit society. It is the first microfinance institution (MFI) in India to obtain a Non Banking Financial Company (Non Deposit) licence. Since its inception, SHARE has nurtured a vision to provide financial services to people in the low income communities SHARE has adopted a for-profit approach to create social returns by channelling funds from development institutions and commercial banks as collateral-free loans to Joint Liability Groups (JLGs)."
Teradata,4.2,(251 Reviews),Private,"San Diego,California + 7 more",44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Teradata delivers real-time, intelligent answers, leveraging 100% of the relevant data, regardless of scale or volume of query. And we do it on-premises, in the cloud, and anywhere in between. It’s called Pervasive Data Intelligence. And only Teradata has the industry-leading products, expertise, and services to deliver it today."
SG Analytics,3.7,(251 Reviews),Private,Pune + 2 more,17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"SG Analytics is one of the leading research and analytics companies to offer of data-centric research and contextual analytics services. With its presence in the US, the UK, Switzerland, and India, SG Analytics offers research and analytics services its customers across the globe. Awarded the ‘Regional Best Employer’ by the World HRD Congress for straight three years – 2016, 2017, and 2018, SG Analytics’ collegial atmosphere and knowledge-based ecosystem help to consistently meet and exceed customer expectations."
Insolutions Glob...,3.6,(251 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 16 more,19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Started in the year 2nd June 2004, In-Solutions Global is one of the pioneers in the Payment Card Industry. ISG acts as a catalyst in simplifying operational complexities and supports transactions in a secure environment. ISG processes 25 million transactions on a daily basis with ease. With 25+ years of rich domain expertise ISG aims to provide the best of solutions to our clients. Having a state of the art in-house solution development setup, ISG a complete Solution provider for cashless and digitization services covering Domain, Technology, Security, Risk, Processes and People & Empowering Innovation. The amalgamation of People, Processes and Technology helps us create and deliver better solutions each time. Thus, making ISG “YOUR PAYMENTS PARTNER”"
Capital Trust,3.7,(251 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 67 more",37 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Incorporated in 1985, Capital Trust Limited is a Non-Banking Finance Company with over 30 years in the financial services industry. Promoted by some of the most prominent bankers of its time, including Mr. K R. Puri (former Governor, RBI), Mr. R.K. Kaul (former Deputy Governor, RBI)  and Justice H. S. Beg (former Chief Justice of India), Capital Trust Limited has a history of having represented over 25 international banks, having had Joint Ventures with Kinetic for two-wheeler financing and Joint Ventures with DBS Bank of Singapore for Stock Broking. In September 2016, Capital Trust acquired a NBFC-MFI which is now operating as a 100% owned subsidiary of the company"
EXEDY,3.9,(251 Reviews),Private,Keysborough + 13 more,46 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"EXEDY India Ltd. is a leader in the field of automotive clutches. At EXEDY India Ltd the main driving force is the customer, nothing is more important than finding out their needs and satisfying them with perfect solutions. Of-co urse, with time, needs change, demands alter. As the field grows more competitive, the challenges grow as well but at EXEDY India Ltd, we have taken them in our stride. Excellent technology and precision engineering from Exedy Corporation Japan, has enabled EXEDY India Ltd to attain a position of strength and leadership in quality."
Galaxy Surfactan...,3.5,(251 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 9 more,43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Galaxy Surfactants Ltd. (GSL), founded in the year 1980, is one of the leading organisation in India, manufacturing Performance  Products and Specialty Chemicals for the Personal and Home Care Industry. Our products cater to some of the largest global brands in the FMCG sector and find applications in skin care, hair care, oral care, body wash, sun care, household cleaners and fabric care segments. We provide more than 100 products (and product variants) to over 1000 customers across the globe. We have six manufacturing sites in India, one in Egypt and one in USA. Our Corporate office is located in Navi Mumbai, India and Sales offices are located at Chennai and New Delhi in India, Denville, New Jersey in USA, Eindhoven, in the Netherlands, Bogota in Colombia and Istanbul in Turkey.

Our products touch lives of billions of people every day. We have a wide range of specialty chemicals which includes Surfactants, Mild Surfactants, Rheology Modifiers, Pearlising Agents, Conditioning Agents, Blends based on innovative concepts, proteins, Quats for personal care. Galaxy Group has about 1000 full time employees with consolidated turnover around ` 1800 Crore. Galaxy is respected in the industry as a professional, transparent, innovation oriented, ethical and continually improving company. We are a value based company focussing on integrity, teamwork, empowerment, adding maximum value to customers and environmental compliance. 

Galaxy Surfactants Ltd. has been granted 21 patents in India, 13 patents in USA, 1 in Japan and 2 in Europe."
Zetwerk Manufact...,4.1,(251 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 35 more",5 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Zetwerk is a managed marketplace for contract manufacturing. Zetwerk partners with the world's leading industrial and consumer enterprises to get their products manufactured via a global network of small manufacturers, where Zetwerk helps with supplier selection, pricing and fulfillment of orders.

Zetwerk offers manufacturing solutions across industries such as Oil & Gas, Renewables, Aerospace, Apparel and Retail. For customers, Zetwerk's manufacturing network ensures products are made faster, at competitive prices and with world-class quality.

In addition, Zetwerk's in-house Manufacturing Operating System software, ZISO, enables digital selection of supply, real-time tracking across stages, visual updates of products getting made, seamless communication across stakeholders and quality assurance of the final product, thereby offering customers peace of mind.

For manufacturing partners, Zetwerk drives higher utilization of manufacturing capacities and offers various portfolio services (including logistics, raw material procurement, working capital access) to drive revenue growth and optimize manufacturing costs."
Shriram Group,4.1,(7.4k Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 109 more",49 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Serving the under-served’, ‘Addressing the bottom of the pyramid’, ‘Inclusive financing’ are all phrases that have become common place in the corporate world today. Whether it is the Chit Fund business, Transport & Equipment Finance business, Consumer Finance business or even the huge deposit customer base of Shriram ,over 90% of the 10.2 million customers of the group come under the purview of the under-served.Chit Funds in 1974 and Transportation Finance in 1978 were all started in South India; Shriram Group’s business strategy of providing a competitive platform to capture the savings and borrowing wallets of the middle and lower income groups found immediate acceptance in the southern states and enabled the group to successfully establish itself in every nook and corner of South India. As Shriram became a household name in the four southern states, the group ventured into the other three regions through their transportation business where again the target market was the under-served owner-operator and customers of used vehicles. By institutionalising a direct connect with the end customer and by taking complete ownership of every key business process, the Shriram branch was not only in full control of the customer fulfillment process but was also in a unique position to establish a great and sustainable relationship with customer. This approach created a huge entry banner to most other players (both Indian & MNC’s) who made several futile attempts to enter the segment. The unique and well-executed business model attracted several investors, both strategic and portfolio, which enabled the transportation business of the group to grow by leaps and bounds."
Becton Dickinson,4.2,(261 Reviews),"Franklin Lakes,New Jersey + 22 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"BD is a global medical technology company that is advancing the world of health by improving medical discovery, diagnostics and the delivery of care. BD leads in patient and healthcare worker safety and the technologies that enable medical research and clinical laboratories. The company provides innovative solutions that help advance medical research and genomics, enhance the diagnosis of infectious disease and cancer, improve medication management, promote infection prevention, equip surgical and interventional procedures and support the management of diabetes."
Escon Elevators,3.7,(250 Reviews),Private,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",33 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"We are a Private Limited Company having a blend of professionals and technocrats. We have done extensive market studies in the ELEVATOR business and have invaluable insight into the strengths and weakness of the ELEVATORS of different makes offered by both indigenous and multinational companies. In a vibrant industry where technology obsolescence is at breath taking speed and the customer's expectations and requirements demands drastic changes periodically, we believe in continuous learning, up-gradation, innovation & passion for perfection. The continuous feed back from different end users has added to our insight in the chosen field . We have installed a large number of lifts at various Government & Private Organizations. We have a strong team of technical personnel including Electrical, Mechanical and Electronic Engineers."
Einfochips,3.8,(250 Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 5 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"eInfochips, an Arrow company, is a leading global provider of product engineering and semiconductor design services. With over 500+ products developed and 40M deployments in 140 countries, eInfochips continues to fuel technological innovations in multiple verticals. The company’s service offerings include digital transformation and connected IoT solutions across various cloud platforms, including AWS and Azure.

Along with Arrow’s $30B in revenues, 20,100 employees, and 349 locations serving over 80 countries, eInfochips is primed to accelerate connected products innovation for 200,000+ global clients. eInfochips acts as a catalyst to Arrow’s Sensor-to-Sunset initiative and offers complete edge-to-cloud capabilities for its clients through Arrow Connect."
Arvato,3.6,(250 Reviews),Private,Gütersloh + 8 more,27 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Global IT specialist Arvato Systems supports major companies through digital transformation. More than 3,000 staff in over 25 locations epitomize in-depth technology expertise, industry knowledge and focus on customer requirements. Working as a team, we develop innovative IT solutions, transition our clients into the Cloud, integrate digital processes and take on IT systems operation and support. As a part of the Bertelsmann-owned Arvato network, we have the unique capability to work across the entire value chain. Our business relationships are personal; we work with our clients as partners, so that together we can achieve long-term success."
Aker Solutions,4.0,(250 Reviews),Private,"Fornebu,Akershus + 4 more",182 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"From subsea to surface and concept to decommissioning, our technical expertise and strong partnerships provide energy companies what they need to succeed.Combined with our long history of engineering for the most challenging environments, our approach delivers superior performance for customers and shareholders worldwide."
URC Construction,3.8,(250 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 23 more",67 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Incorporated in 1956, URC Construction is a National Contractor and the flagship company of the URC Group. The other divisions of the Group are engaged in Information Technology, Education and Real Estate development."
Time Technoplast,3.6,(250 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 28 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Time Technoplast Ltd. (TimeTech) is a Multinational conglomerate and one of the leading manufacturers of diversified range of polymer based products. Since its inception in 1992, the company has set itself apart from its competition by focusing on research and development, futuristic product design and superior customer service. Company Highlights:Global Presence: Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia, Taiwan, Vietnam, Egypt, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, UAE, India & USAProduction Facilities: 20 India & 13 InternationalStock Listing: National Stock Exchange & Bombay Stock Exchange, India"
Indostar Capital...,4.2,(250 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 116 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IndoStar is a non-banking finance company ""NBFC"" registered with the Reserve Bank of India as a systemically important non-deposit taking company. We are a professionally managed and institutionally owned organisation engaged in providing structured term financing solutions to corporates, used and new Vehicle Financing for transporters, Home Finance through our wholly-owned subsidiary IndoStar Home Finance Private Limited and loans to SME borrowers in India. We have loans to suit your requirements so that your life takes-off. We are committed to finding new ways to develop value-based and innovative financial solutions for our customers."
Shivalik Small F...,4.0,(250 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 16 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Shivalik became the first Small Finance Bank in India’s history to transition from an Urban Co-operative Bank. We have over 23 years of banking experience in offering retail banking products and services. Shivalik has been technology focussed since inception with consumer centricity as a key guiding principle. The Bank is powered by Infosys Finacle Core Banking and Digital Banking Suite including internet and mobile banking. The cloud based architecture provides the Bank with unmatched agility to cost effectively manage scale and power growth. Shivalik is live on all retail payment platforms and is a direct member of the National Financial Switch. We are proud to serve our 4.5 Lakh unique customers via 31 branches, 250 banking agents and 15,000 self-help groups across Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Delhi and Uttarakhand."
Flowserve,4.2,(250 Reviews),Private,"Irving,Texas + 10 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"To help solve the biggest flow-control challenges, customers worldwide rely on the product lines, engineering, project management and service expertise of Flowserve.
Our history began over 200 years ago, and today Flowserve employs more than 17,500 associates in 300-plus locations around the world, including over 180 quick response centers that provide aftermarket parts and services to customers. And Flowserve offers more than 100 distinct pump models and a wide range of valve and seal products.
Through our unmatched combination of products, engineering and aftermarket services, we help our customers achieve tangible business results: lower operating costs, optimized performance, prolonged equipment life, mitigated risks and higher productivity.
Around the world, Flowserve is striving to create extraordinary flow control solutions to make the world better for everyone."
Anthem Bioscienc...,4.0,(249 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 6 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Anthem Biosciences is a Bangalore based Contract Research and Innovation Service Provider (CRISP), located in an Industrial Park in Bangalore with a built-up capacity to house over 500 researchers. Currently, the company employs over 350 people with plenty of room for adding extra capacity.
The people at Anthem Biosciences bring years of relevant experience to the company. A team of experienced Chemists, Biologists, Engineers and Business people own the responsibility of transparent and ethical dealing with customers.
As a CRISP – Anthem offers a whole gamut of services dedicated to enabling and sustaining global research efforts in the discovery of new compounds by pharmaceutical, biotechnology, specialty chemicals, agriculture chemicals and material science companies. This is done by leveraging the company's core competencies in organic synthesis, process development, analytical chemistry, discovery biology and regulatory compliance.
With its best in class infrastructure Anthem Biosciences can do GMP synthesis ranging from milligram to kilogram, multi-kilogram to multiple tonne scale. Apart from modern well equipped labs, the company has a cGMP kilo lab and a versatile GMP pilot plant.
In Discovery Research, Anthem provides pharmaceutical clients services from generation of hits, transforming hits to leads and optimization of leads to developable drug candidates against known or client's targets. The company has recently commissioned new laboratory space, more than doubling its lab capacity. A new GLP compliant in-vivo facility, new ADMET labs and a pilot fermentation lab have been added.
Anthem Biosciences works with clients on various business modules like FTE (Full Time Equivalent) or FFS ( Fee for Service) or a combination of the above, depending on the complexity of the task and the need of the client. The company is flexible in its approach in evolving sensible and efficient models that suit each client.
In the ever crowding space of CROs, Anthem Biosciences distinguishes itself as a top tier organization, with a highly skilled team, quality services and a guarantee of on-time performance."
JNS Instruments,3.9,(249 Reviews),Public,Gurgaon + 14 more,22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"JNS Instruments is an ISO/TS 16949:2002 certified business entity that caters to a wide range of Moulding and Printing solutions for its esteemed clientele through its state-of-the-art manufacturing plants under a Japanese Joint Venture with Nippon Seiki Ltd.

Established in 2001, JNS Instruments Industries is a significant arm of JPM Industries that manufactures various types of high-quality Moulding and Printing solutions. This enterprise is worth INR 900 Crores now and it has become possible due to the hard work, business acumens, integrity and commitment of its promoters and their consistent focus on their long-term vision.

This 1000-employee strong organization is focussed on quality and customer satisfaction. In order to ensure consistent quality of products manufactured from here, it is necessary to have a benchmark to adhere to. As such, we follow ISO/TS 16949:2002 standards."
Waaree Energies,3.6,(249 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 26 more",34 years old,51-200 Employees (India),Waaree Energies Ltd.is India's largest vertically integrated solar energy solution company.
M.J Global,4.5,(249 Reviews),Public,Noida + 4 more,43 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"MJ Global, founded in 1980, is a leader in Paper – Board Printing & Packaging and Corrugated Packaging. The company manufactures Mono Cartons, Duplex Board Cartons, Corrugated Master Cartons, Marketing Material (Mailers, Danglers, Stickers, Posters, Brochures, Catalogues), Instruction Manuals, Booklets, Annual Reports, Blister Cards, Corrugated Trays & Pads."
Capco Technologi...,3.9,(249 Reviews),Private,"London,United Kingdom + 11 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivaled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capco’s cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning Be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.

Our approach is tailor-made to fit each client’s problem with an emphasis on building long-term strategic partnerships that foster collaboration and trust. We have the people, the vision, and the passion.

Capco is committed to providing clients with practical solutions. We offer a globally integrated service with offices in leading financial centers across the Americas, Europe, and Asia Pacific."
Kalyani Technofo...,4.0,(249 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 9 more",44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Emerging as the fastest growing leader in world-class forgings and machined components, sub-assemblies and assemblies. Kalyani Technoforge is a manufacturing partner for renowned brands in the auto and non-auto sector. With innovation at our core, we have been at the forefront of technology ever since our inception in 1979.KTFL is part of USD 3 billion conglomerate Kalyani Group under Bharat Forge as the flagship company. We have always encouraged people participation, investments in latest technologies, energy efficient processes (green technology) and co-engineering which helped us to tranform from just a reliable component supplier to a development partner.We take great pride in speedy development, supply at the right time and flexible manufacturing facility. To provide the highest level of customer service in the forging industry, we have dedicated machining lines for specific customers.All our efforts are customer-centric because we share our customers' goals; of ensuring a delightful experience for their customers. With our comprehensive services we manufacture products that are safe, sustainable, reliable and enhance performance"
Sleek Internatio...,3.9,(249 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 65 more",30 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sleek has an experience of over 25 years in the modular kitchen industry and hence understands the consumer's taste very well. Sleek also has an in house team of designing professionals. From customized modular kitchen solutions within a budget to easy installment of the kitchen, Sleek stands true to its specialist image. Sleek is a specialist in kitchen solutions. From kitchen accessories to appliances, Sleek provides everything you need, to transform your kitchen into a specialist kitchen. Modular kitchens: A kitchen is much more than just a cooking place. It is the heart of your home. By combining aesthetics with functionality and elegance, Sleek kitchens can truly transform your kitchen into a specialist kitchen. With the advent of Sleek, the kitchen specialist, you can now alter your daily cooking task into a beautiful experience. From innovative accessories to high-tech appliances, your Sleek kitchen has it all. Customized to perfection, your Sleek kitchen shall be uniquely yours. Our manufacturing facilities are a combination of design innovation, precision and flawless execution. We provide assembled cabinets with European technology that are well-suited for Indian homes. Sleek has changed the way women cook today. The first to introduce the concept of modular kitchens with the introduction of wire baskets as early as 1993, the brand has consistently innovated and refined its product basket to offer the best at the most affordable rates to the Indian consumer. Sleek is a subsidiary of Asian Paints, and provides complete kitchen and wardrobe solutions. We're India’s largest modular kitchens brand. Our work is known for its innovative and efficient designs, world-class quality and excellent craftsmanship. Stringent quality check: Our market experience for more than 20 years and stringent quality checks ensure that only the best gets delivered to your doorstep."
Consolidated Con...,4.3,(249 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 25 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Consolidated Construction Consortium Limited (CCCL) has over the years earned a reputation that is rock-solid. While its reputation is reflected in the edifices that it has built, the respect and trust that it continues to enjoy can be gauged from the words of its clients.
To CCCL, professionalism is a combination of competence, technology, skill and dedication, unified and strengthened by a code of ethics. It is this special professionalism that has won for us many prestigious projects in a variety of market segments, and encourages us to aim for greater challenges all the time."
ManipalCigna Hea...,4.1,(249 Reviews),JV,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 70 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ManipalCigna Health Insurance Company Limited (formerly known as CignaTTK Health Insurance Company Limited) is a joint venture between the Manipal Group, a leader in the field of healthcare delivery and higher education in India and Cigna Corporation, a global health services company with presence in 30+ countries and serving 160 million+ customers around the world. With a deep focus on health and wellness, ManipalCigna Health Insurance offers a full suite of insurance solutions ranging from health, personal accident, major illness, travel and global care to individual customers, employer-employee, and non-employer-employee groups to meet their diverse health needs."
Worldline Global...,3.9,(249 Reviews),Private,"Bezons,Val Doise + 19 more",49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Worldline is the new world-class leader in the payments and transactional services industry, with a global reach. We are at the forefront of the digital revolution that is shaping new ways of paying, living, doing business and building relationships. Our strengths in innovation are matched by the power and robustness of our platforms, the security of our solutions and the quality of our services.

We design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. 

We make them environmentally friendly, widely accessible and support social transformation."
NICE,4.1,(290 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 9 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NICE Ltd. (NASDAQ: NICE) software products are used by 27,000+ global businesses, including 85 of the 100 largest corporations in the world, to deliver extraordinary customer experiences, fight financial crime and ensure public safety. 

NICE software manages more than 120 million customer interactions daily and monitors 3+ billion financial transactions. Innovation efforts in cloud-native open platforms, artificial intelligence, and analytics are driving rapid growth of our software products with reported revenues of USD 1.9 billion in FY 2021. 

NICE India GTC is a strategic R&D and Operations center of NICE, employing 2000 out of a global employee base of 7500."
Yardi Systems,4.1,(248 Reviews),Private,Santa Barbara + 1 more,39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Yardi is dedicated to the design, development, and support of real estate investment management and property management software. We offer full business solutions for every real estate market, including multifamily, single family, affordable, public, senior and military housing as well as office, industrial, and retail market segments."
Jyoti CNC Automa...,4.1,(248 Reviews),Public,"Rajkot,Gujarat + 23 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),Company Profile. Driven by a vision to build the company into “A Temple of Technology” Jyoti was established in 1989 and today it is one of the largest multinational. Since inception company has grown manifold from manufacturing gear boxes for machines to developing precision all-geared head lathe machines
Mrs Bector's Foo...,4.2,(248 Reviews),Public,Gurgaon + 37 more,45 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mrs. Rajni Bector started an enterprise in 1978, unveiling her love for baking by whipping up remarkable ice creams, breads, and biscuits. Cremica began its journey on the foundation of quality, freshness, and taste. The small enterprise in due course of time has become a huge conglomerate, where the standards of goodness have remained the same.

We are one of the leading companies in the non-glucose biscuits and premium breads segment in North India, according to Technopak Report, with products sold under our well-recognized brands, ‘Mrs. Bector’s Cremica’ and ‘English Oven’ and setting the standards through consistent quality, globally certified production facilities and unmatched expertise with love.

Cremica is known for its innovative offerings, packaging and its commitment to quality. Keeping up with changing consumer preferences, the company keeps introducing innovative products that are in line with consumer taste palate."
Religare Securit...,3.6,(248 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 63 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"About Religare Securities Limited - http://www.religaresecurities.com/Religare Securities Ltd. (“RSL”) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Religare Enterprises Limited (REL) and a market leading securities firm in India. The company offers equity broking services to more than half a million clients using both, offline and online platforms and also offers, depository participant services. RSL is a member of the NSE, BSE, and a depository participant with NSDL and CDSL. RSL employs more than 4300 employees (as on December 31, 2009) and has a wide distribution reach that spans across more than 1800 locations in India."
Vasan Eye Care H...,3.8,(248 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 61 more",21 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Vasan Eye Care is Sri Lanka’s first ever one-stop hospital to meet all the eye care needs of patients such as consultation, laboratory, investigations, laser treatments and also has fully equipment state-of-the-art modular operating theaters. Our specialized ocular investigation department consists of high end equipment such as Ocular Coherence Tomography (OCT), Visual field analyzer, Specular microscope, Fundus camera, A Scan, Biometry (IOL master), B Scan, synoptophore ect. Our theaters are equipped with the latest technology to perform all the types of eye surgeries such as cataract, corneal, retinal, paediatric and Oculoplastic surgeries."
Akumentis Health...,3.6,(248 Reviews),Private,Thane + 36 more,13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Akumentis Healthcare Ltd. is India's most upcoming & fastest growing Pharmaceutical Company entering top 65 companies in India in the very first year of its launch. (Pharmatrac Intelligence Report 2012)

""The company is backed by a network of 7 world class manufacturing units and R & D facilities across India. The manufacturing facility is the one of the largest in Asia with WHO, GMP, ISO 9001, ISO 14001 certifications & USFDA and UKMHRA approvable."
Transasia Bio-Me...,3.3,(248 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 38 more",44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Incepted in the year 1979, Transasia Bio-Medicals Ltd., is headquartered in Mumbai, India. It is recognized as India’s Largest In-vitro Diagnostic Company and offers solutions and products in Biochemistry, Hematology, Coagulation, ESR, Immunology, Urinalysis, Critical Care, Diabetes Management, Microbiology and Molecular Diagnostics."
Wintax Solution,4.8,(248 Reviews),Partnership,"Surat,Gujarat + 68 more",5 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Wintax Solution is the pioneer of organised recruitment services in India. Over the years, we have acted as preferred talent acquisition partner to multinationals and leading Indian businesses to emerge as the leading recruitment brand nationally."
Liberty General ...,4.0,(247 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 57 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Liberty Videocon General Insurance is collaboration between Liberty Mutual Insurance Group, a leading global property and casualty group based in Boston, and India based Videocon Industries. Liberty Videocon offers products like personal accident, health and international travel policies. The company mission is to build a customer centric business to cater to the specific needs of individual and corporate customers."
Ralson India,3.7,(247 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 35 more",49 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in 1974, Ralson India Ltd. began its modest journey in Ludhiana, manufacturing bicycle tyres and tubes. With time, Ralson advanced into becoming one of India’s leading players in the bicycle tyre industry, as well as expanded into the manufacturing of automobile tyre. Today, Ralson is one of the top 5 industry leaders globally and has become the largest producer and exporter of bicycle tubes and tyres in the country"
Princess Cruises,4.6,(247 Reviews),Private,Santa Clarita + 8 more,58 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Princess Cruises is the world’s leading premium cruise line operating a fleet of modern ships visiting over 380 destinations around the globe on more than 160 itineraries. Each moment on Princess Cruises is one of wonderful discovery where guests can relax and explore. The choices are endless – from invigorating activities to more relaxing pursuits – and enable guests to share special moments with family and friends and enjoy unique travel experiences that create inspiring memories. At the forefront of innovation, Princess MedallionClass elevates service levels through enhanced guest experiences before and during cruise vacations. 

Exciting career opportunities in many departments await your discovery. Whether you are in customer service, food and beverage, or fleet operations (just to name a few), we’re certain you will find a career path at Princess Cruises that will keep you engaged and growing for years to come. Teams on shore support colleagues onboard, as together we create memorable experiences— dining, entertainment, exploration, and celebration—for our guests.Exceptional customer service is the cornerstone of our success thanks to more than 30,000 of the cruise industry’s finest team members on land and at sea. We create a friendly and welcoming environment not only for our onboard guests, but for our seagoing and land-based teams as well. The result is a remarkable number of loyal staff.

We respect the seas we sail and destinations we visit. Our ships adhere to international rules regulating operations from fire safety to navigation, maritime security, and environmental stewardship. Onboard medical facilities meet or exceed standards set by the American College of Emergency Physicians."
Tetra Pak,4.2,(247 Reviews),Private,Pully + 11 more,36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Together with our customers we make food safe and available, everywhere. Since the start in 1951 we have taken pride in providing the best possible processing and packaging solutions for food.

Tetra Pak is one of three companies in the Tetra Laval Group – a private group that started in Sweden. The other two companies are DeLaval and Sidel. Tetra Laval is headquartered in Switzerland."
NR Switch N Radi...,4.0,(246 Reviews),Private,"Kota,Rajasthan + 47 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"NR Switch N Radio Services came into existence in 1998 as a support organization for Nokia.It made its debut in Telecom Services with installing the first MSC for Nokia and then it made deep inroads into various areas of Mobile Technology.Today NR Switch N Radio Services is an active global partner for OEMs and Operators with a presence in multiple locations in India and South East Asia. NR Switch N Radio Services specializes in Core Implementation MSCs & RNCs, BSCs & BSS, and Transcoders and has spread its wings across all 23 circles spanning the length and breadth of the country. Besides NR also has to its credit of Installing and Comissioning BTSs and Node Bs for almost all operators across India and abroad. NR Switch N Radio Services made an impressive entry into RF and Transmission planning in Year 2008 and has to its credit some of the major end to end projects executed in India. Today NR has one of the best resource pool in RF Planning and Optimization (2G & 3G) Multi Operator Benchmarking RF Audits , Surveys etc"
Zolo,3.6,(246 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 15 more,8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Zolo is a Nexus and PE funded, series B company which provides fully managed co-living spaces. Valued at more than $100 mn, we are India’s fastest moving technology startup in the co-living spaces. With an aim to provide a completely hassle-free long term living experience to working professionals as well as students, our living spaces offer all kinds of basic and luxury living amenities. Our biggest USP for a resident comes from a vibrant residential community, omnichannel platform, top-notch services such as hygienic and healthy food, furnished rooms, daily housekeeping, seamless internet facilities, hi-tech security and much more - all enabled by technology. As a customer, all that one has to do is come with his/her clothes and pay us rent - we take care of everything else.

Founded by alumni of IIM, IIT, AIIMS, ISB in 2015, we are currently present in 10 cities - Bangalore, Coimbatore, Pune, Kota, Noida, Gurugram, Hyderabad, Mumbai and Chennai and fast expanding to other geographies. We are at a team size of 500+. Serving approximately 16000-20000 customers daily as we speak, we have aggressive growth plans of catering to around 50000 by the year-end. Yes, that’s a 3X growth that Zolo is poised to grow at in the current year."
Syrma Technology,4.0,(246 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 7 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Syrma specializes in collaboration: whether you’re an iconic brand or a visionary startup, we’ll partner with your product team to deliver top-notch electronics manufacturing services (EMS), co-developing optimal electronics design, engineering, and production solutions. We’ll enable you to stay ahead of competitors while reducing your development costs and effectively managing risk. We provide a proactive partnership experience for OEMs, offering modern EMS capabilities, backed by a 40-year legacy of innovative electronics excellence by Tandon Group companies. We specialize in high-mix, flexible volume precision manufacturing, as well as designing custom RFID solutions (tags, readers, and software). We’ve met global OEM standards for numerous products, including disk drives, memory modules, power supplies, etc. Within the last decade, we’ve provided design, manufacture, and shipping to market of over 200 million product units worldwide. We sustain long-term global partnerships to fit our clients’ unique needs, including inventory management and hubbing, fully coordinating factory-to-market logistics"
Jawahar Navodaya...,4.4,(246 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 91 more",38 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas is a system of schools for talented students predominantly from rural area in India. They are run by Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti, New Delhi, an autonomous organization under the Department of School Education and Literacy, Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India"
International Ga...,3.6,(245 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon/Gurugram + 5 more,33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"IGT is a global leader in gaming. It is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol ""IGT,"" and its holding company headquarters are in the United Kingdom, with operating headquarters in Rome, Italy; Las Vegas, Nevada; and Providence, Rhode Island. The Company attracts the industry’s top talent, with approximately 10,500 employees across the globe."
Yodlee,3.8,(245 Reviews),Private,"Redwood City,San Francisco + 3 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Envestnet | Yodlee is a leading data aggregation and data analytics platform powering dynamic, cloud-based innovation for digital financial services. More than 1,000 companies, including 13 of the 20 largest U.S. banks and hundreds of Internet services companies, subscribe to the Envestnet | Yodlee platform to power personalized financial apps and services for millions of consumers. Envestnet | Yodlee solutions help transform the speed and delivery of financial innovation, improve digital customer experiences, and drive better outcomes for our clients and their customers.
           
Envestnet | Yodlee is headquartered in Redwood City, CA with global offices in London and Bangalore."
Cera Sanitarywar...,4.1,(245 Reviews),Public,"London,England + 48 more",43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"These three words capture the essence of CERA Sanitaryware Limited, India’s fastest growing company in the segment. Keeping the needs of the modern customer in mind, CERA opens the doorway to the world of style.
An extensive product portfolio that includes high end showers, steam cubicles, and whirlpools, besides sanitaryware and faucets, has made CERA the primary choice of customers looking for stylish products in a contemporary lifestyle. CERA’s constant innovations have given several path breaking contributions to the industry. Some of its innovations have become benchmarks for the industry—like water-saving twin-flush coupled WCs,  4-litre flush WCs, and one-piece WCs.
Advanced technology has been the forte of CERA. Its state-of-the-art manufacturing plant has been following the highest standards of quality with an emphasis on sustainability since its inception in 1980. The CERA plant was the first to use natural gas – the purest fuel that gives extra sheen on products. Production capacity of sanitaryware has raised from 2.70 million pieces to 3.0 million pieces per annum. CERA plans to maintain its leadership status in the industry, while catering to increasing demands with satisfaction.
CERA endeavors to provide complete bath solutions to its customers. Pursuing this objective, CERA has launched a range of elegant faucets, designed with style and expertise. A modern facility with latest machinery like automatic CNC Machines & automatic polishing, the plant is equipped with superior technology manufactures the avant-garde collection of eco-friendly single lever faucets apart from the normal Half Turn & Quarter Turn faucets.
Foraying into a new arena, CERA launched an array of stylish wall and floor tiles. The range includes HD digital wall tiles with matching floor tiles, digital glazed vitrified tiles, and vitrified tiles with nano technology.
Growth has remained uninterrupted, only outperforming itself. CERA has grown at a robust 23.80% in 2014-15 when compared with 2013-14 for CERA, its responsibility does not end by manufacturing quality products. A team of over two hundred technicians across India provide prompt after-sales service to its customers.
In keeping with its tradition of innovation, CERA has been presented the Gold Award in the bathroom & fittings and sanitaryware category by Readers’ Digest Trusted Brand Survey. CERA has also bagged the Product of the Year award for years in a row for Cerenity in 2014, Sanitaryware & Bathroom Fittings in 2013, Nano Technology in 2012 and for the Snow White Range in 2011. CERA was also conferred Power Brand for two years, in 2012 and 2013, which is awarded to top 100 brands in the country. CERA received Asia’s Most Promising Brand award for the year 2012-13."
Win Medicare,4.1,(245 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 41 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"What began as a vision of healthcare business in early 1980's, Win-Medicare today is amongst the fastest growing pharmaceutical companies in India and is considered the undisputed leader in select segment. In a country with a highly fragmented pharma market, Win-Medicare enjoys a respectable share. Win-Medicare began its business with a number of pioneering concepts and products from Sterling Drug Inc., USA and concertedly worked towards making them established contemporary medical practice.In the late-eighties, Win-Medicare took a quantum leap and tied up with Mundipharma Group of Companies, a pharmaceutical giant from Switzerland.Mundipharma AG, Switzerland and its R&D and manufacturing affiliates, Napp Pharmaceutical Group, UK and the Purdue Frederick Co., USA are renowned for their novel formulation expertise, state-of-the-art production and quality assurance facilities.Win-Medicare Pvt. Ltd. (Modipuram)The biggest gain from this venture is the topical microbicide Betadine®. In 75 countries, Betadine® is trusted for its uncompromising antiseptic efficacy.Win-Medicare has in-licensing arrangements with several reputed global organizations, with Merz Asia Pacific Pvt. Ltd., Singapore for marketing their hepato-therapecutics range – HepaMerz® and other pharmaceutical products like Contractubex®, a therapy for scar management.Win-Medicare has also entered into new in licensing/distribution agreements with Pierre Fabre (France) for Oral Care Products, Sigma Tau (Italy) for CarnitorTM, Norgine (Netherlands) for Moviol® and Moviprep®, LG Life Sciences for Corion® C (hCG).Sourcing technologies, pharmaceutical and healthcare products as well as Research and Development from USA, Germany and Switzerland, Win-Medicare has grown from strength to strength while pursuing its mission of fulfilling the healthcare needs of the country.Win-Medicare began its business with a number of pioneering concepts and products from Sterling Drug Inc., USA and concertedly worked towards making them established contemporary medical practice.In the late-eighties, Win-Medicare took a quantum leap and tied up with Mundipharma Group of Companies, a pharmaceutical giant from Switzerland.Mundipharma AG, Switzerland and its R&D and manufacturing affiliates, Napp Pharmaceutical Group, UK and the Purdue Frederick Co., USA are renowned for their novel formulation expertise, state-of-the-art production and quality assurance facilities."
Kolte Patil Deve...,4.1,(245 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 6 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded nearly 3 decades ago and guided by the simple, yet profound, philosophy of ‘Creation, not construction’, Kolte-Patil Developers is a leading real estate company with dominant presence in the Pune residential market. Kolte-Patil Developers Ltd. incorporated in 1991, is headquartered in Pune and is listed on NSE and BSE (BSE: 532924, NSE: KOLTEPATIL). The company has been creating landmarks for over 28 years and has developed and constructed over 50 projects including residential complexes, commercial complexes and IT Parks covering a saleable area of ~20 million square feet across Pune, Mumbai and Bengaluru."
Zoomcar,3.9,(245 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 28 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Zoomcar, is a Indian self-drive car rental company, headquartered in Bangalore, India. The company was founded in 2013 by David Back and Greg Moran .[2] As of April, the company operates in 45 cities across the country. No more worries about petrol mileage, fuel costs, insurance, and car breakdowns! Zoomcar has enabled driving convenience for travellers around the country and is fast expanding its reach to cities including Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Chandigarh, Chennai, Coimbatore, Delhi-NCR, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Kochi, Kolkata, Ludhiana, Mangalore, Mumbai, Mysore, Pune, Siliguri, Vizag, Nagpur, Udaipur, Vijayawada, Surat, Lucknow and Guwahati.Self drive cars from Zoomcar have given customers more control, privacy, and freedom. Book a self drive car in any city you visit with the Zoomcar app on your phone and feel at home wherever you go."
SunTec Web Servi...,3.6,(245 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 2 more,24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Rated among India's best multi-process IT outsourcing companies, SunTec has a growing global presence with over 3600 clients from 30 countries, over 1000 full-time employees and 8 development centers in New Delhi, India, delivering a full range of IT / BPO services that save our clients' time and money. To give our clients a definite competitive edge, and to ensure that our service offerings exceed their expectations, we continuously refine and perfect our processes.  Synergizing our operational expertise with our deep domain understanding in key industry verticals and niches, such as Online Retail, Finance and Accounting, Mortgage, Insurance, Publishing , Academic Institutions, Law Firms, Technology, Manufacturing, Shipping and Logistics, Automotive, Medical and Healthcare, Travel and Hospitality, Real Estate, etc., SunTec India delivers business value to 3600+ clients, globally, including some of the Fortune 500.  

Fortified with a team of over 1000 professionals, we deliver a complete gamut of  business process outsourcing services and solutions, including eCommerce Catalog Management, ePublishing, Data Entry & Management, Sales Support Services, eCommerce Development, CMS, Mobile Apps Development, Photo Editing, Content Writing, Internet Marketing and Dedicated Hiring Solutions. With a tireless drive for process innovation and operational excellence, corroborated by ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 27001:2013 for our Quality and Information Security Management Systems, we are focused on building an organization that is truly valued by our clients, employees, business associates and the community at large. Equipped with a diverse talent pool, our team comprises accomplished management professionals, law graduates, sales and marketing specialists, programmers, coders, designers, writers and data processing specialists. Each team member brings profound business acumen and deep domain expertise, leading to superior business outcomes."
Ryan,4.5,(245 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,Texas + 1 more",32 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Ryan is focused on your overall tax performance—providing innovative solutions to the underlying causes of the errors we identify—and creating greater opportunities to measure and improve your efficiency, develop a more strategic approach to tax, and deliver outstanding value to your shareholders."
Siti Networks,4.0,(245 Reviews),Public,Noida + 44 more,29 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"SITI Networks Limited (Formerly known as """"SITI Cable Network Limited"""") is a part of the Essel Group, which is one of India's leading business houses with a diverse portfolio of assets in media, packaging, entertainment, technology-enabled services, infrastructure development and education.
SITI Networks Limited is one of India's largest Multi System Operator (MSO). With 15 digital head ends and a network of more than 33,000 Kms of optical fibre and coaxial cable, it provides its cable services in India's ~580 Locations and adjoining areas, reaching out to over 11.3 million digital customers.
SITI Networks deploys State-of-the-art technology for delivering multiple TV signals to enhance consumer viewing experience. Its product range includes Digital & Analogue Cable Television, Broadband and Local Television Channels. SITI Networks has been providing services in analogue and digital mode, armed with technical capability to provide features like Video on Demand, Pay per View, Over-The-Top content (OTT), Electronic Programming Guide (EPG) and Gaming through a Set Top Box (STB). All products are marketed under SITI brand name."
Teva API,3.8,(245 Reviews),Private,Tel Aviv + 14 more,88 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"teva api is the leading international api manufactures. With the industry’s broadest portfolio of more than 400 high quality API products, we serve nearly 1,100 customers in more than 100 countries. A stand-alone unit within Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, our history in the generic active pharmaceutical ingredients industry dates back more than 84 years. Headquartered in Israel near Tel Aviv, TAPI employs 5,000 professionals at 16 sites worldwide. Our state-of-the-art product facilities are located in Italy, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Croatia, Israel, India, China, Mexico, and the United States."
VKC Group,3.7,(245 Reviews),Private,"Calicut/Kozhikode,Kerala + 31 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"VKC was founded in 1984 by visionary Shri. VKC Mammed Koya for manufacturing and marketing Hawai slippers. The unit, which commenced its operations with just 20 employees and a modest product portfolio of one item, today has made a mark not just in the Indian Footwear Industry but in the world arena as well."
Senco Gold,4.2,(245 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 47 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Senco Gold & Diamonds is one of the largest jewellery organisations in India. Senco is a brand of Legacy, Quality, Trust & Value. The legacy of 80 years, spanning four generations, values rooted in the past and history, but it also balances amazingly with modern, forward-looking thoughts that continue to take the company forward. For both young minds and industry pros, who are passionate and want to excel in Gems & Jewellery segment, or have passion for any form of art, Senco can be an ideal destination for a rewarding career. We believe that life is a journey and you keep learning throughout. However, along with on-job training, we train employees on the nuances of the retail and back office, as well as retail sector customer experience and behaviour. If you do not believe in taking challenges, then this company is not for you. A journey of 3 stores to 107+ stores in 80 years is not something that can be done without challenges and hard work. The vision is to make the customers happy and work with discipline, sincerity, and adaptability to changes. Almost 60% of our workforce is women. 80% of our customers are women. We respect women and want to help them in their journey and fulfill their dreams and aspirations. We have formulated committees against sexual harassment which are very prompt. Our maternity benefit policy helps women acclimatize to the dual responsibilities they take on after motherhood. However, success doesn’t come without sacrifice. So while we focus on work-life balance, our team doesn’t compromise on productivity and growth. We value the contribution of all the employees. We believe in 'Train the Trainer' model which enhances team-building spirit, leadership, and more. There are instances of our junior retail executives becoming store managers. Senco welcomes applications for all departments, from candidates, looking forward to a challenging career with plenty of opportunities for self-development, learning and contribution to society."
Transguard Group...,4.0,(245 Reviews),Private,"Dubai,Dubai + 19 more",22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in 2001, Transguard Group is the UAE’s most trusted outsourcing partner providing business support services to some of the region’s most prestigious brands. With a full-time workforce of more than 65,000 and turn over in excess of AED 1.9 billion, Transguard delivers world-class business support services to customers across a broad range of industry sectors including Aviation, Logistics, IT/Telecommunications, Banking and Finance, Construction, Hospitality, Retail and Insurance."
LanceSoft,3.4,(245 Reviews),Private,Herndon + 16 more,23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),We keep pace with the latest trends of the staffing industry across the globe to enable a custom staffing approach that accommodates the ever-changing workforce requirements.
Thryve Digital,4.2,(245 Reviews),LLP,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 2 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Thryve Digital, with its new headquarters in Chennai, India is one of health care’s first global development centres where the best minds in health care technology, science and business create powerful and innovative solutions that transform lives. Solutions that provide the connectivity, sustainability and seamless integration demanded by multi-platform health care systems – every code, every application is infused with the human element, organically nurtured by our passionate team of IT and business process experts who, like our clients lead with their hearts and minds dedicated to improving and providing the best in health care technology – Today and Tomorrow."
Wissen Infotech,4.2,(245 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 7 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in the year 2000 in the US, we have global offices in US, India, UK, Australia, Mexico and Canada, with best in class infrastructure and development facilities spread across the globe. We are an end to end solution provider in Banking & Financial Services, Telecom, Healthcare, Manufacturing & Energy verticals and have successfully delivered $650 million worth of projects. We offer an array of services that includes Application Development, Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning, Big Data & Analytics, Visualization & Business Intelligence, Robotic Process Automation, Cloud, Mobility, Agile & DevOps, Quality Assurance & Test Automation and Infrastructure Management."
ELGI Equipments,4.0,(258 Reviews),Public,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 22 more",63 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Incepted in year 1960, ELGI is one of the few companies in the world capable of manufacturer of compressor packages. The ELGI range of air compressors is one of the widest in the world. We manufacture Air Compressor, Piston Compressor, Oil Free Compressor, High Pressure Compressor, Diesel Engine Compressor, Portable Compressor, Screw Air Compressor and Air Compressor Accessories. Screw compression elements are manufactured in-house using state-of-the-art machining centers for rotor grinding and machining intrinsic castings of various sizes. Our own eta-V profile rotors deliver more compressed air while consuming less energy. ELGI manufacturing facilities are equipped with advanced, high precision rotor grinding machines, turning centers, CNC horizontal and CNC vertical machining centers. The in-house rotor manufacturing facility provides ELGI with unrivaled advantage over competition. The manufacturing unit is supported by the R&D division that leads the ELGI innovation program, a CADD unit with advanced design capabilities, an integrated machine shop and a metrology laboratory.
Our manufacturing capability is further strengthened with the adoption of the ELGI Manufacturing System (EMS). EMS is customized lean management that has led to consistent productivity gains, quality improvements, on-time delivery and significant reduction in inventory. The delivery of better quality products with reduced time-to-market has positively impacted customer satisfaction levels. ELGI products bear the hallmark of quality and reliability. Every manufactured component and product passes through stringent quality audits and tested to ensure performance and reliability. Our manufacturing test rooms are atmospheric controlled.
Under the efficient leadership of Mr. Thanikachalam S., we have established trustworthy and reliable relationships with our esteemed clients. Our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities are in India, China, Italy and France. The Coimbatore plant is situated on a 89 000 m2 of land with a built-up area of 32 700 m2."
Eli Lilly and Co...,4.3,(245 Reviews),Public,"Indianapolis,Indiana + 17 more",30 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Eli Lilly and Company is an American pharmaceutical company headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, with offices in 18 countries. Its products are sold in approximately 125 countries. The company was founded in 1876 by, and named after, Col. Eli Lilly, a pharmaceutical chemist and veteran of the American Civil War"
GGS Information ...,3.6,(244 Reviews),Private,"York,Pennsylvania + 6 more",35 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"GGS Information Services is a leading global provider of technical information and engineering services. Utilizing advanced technology as well as human resources, the company delivers high-quality services to an array of business partners in the global marketplace. Whether in technical information management, engineering services, parts database development, or document imaging, the mission of GGS is to create innovative cost-effective solutions that add value to the business of our growing customer base. The company offers a wide variety of onshore-, nearshore-, and offshore-based service options directed specifically to the needs of aerospace, defense, automotive, heavy equipment, and agricultural manufacturers."
Sheenlac Paints,3.4,(244 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 31 more",61 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sheenlac is one of India’s leading companies in the paint and finishes space. Since its inception in 1962, Sheenlac has grown to be one of the top 5 paint companies in India with its presence in India, Middle East and Sri Lanka. Sheenlac, today, offers its customers a wide range of products from decorative paints to industrial coatings, thinners to emulsions, distempers to enamels, sealers and paint removers. In 2010, Sheenlac set-up operations in Sri Lanka, which was followed up with two big joint ventures - first with Noroo Coatings (South Korea) and the second with Jenson & Nicholson (I) Ltd that helped Sheenlac to capture the North, North East and East Indian markets. Sheenlac’s steadfast growth is fuelled by its legacy of founder, Mr. John Peter, and today it's spearheaded by Sudhir Peter, the Managing Director."
Eisai Pharmaceut...,4.3,(244 Reviews),Public,"Tokyo,Tokyo-to + 12 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"A Leading Global Research and Development-Based Pharmaceutical Company Headquartered in Japan. Established in 1941, Eisai is a pharmaceutical company operating globally in terms of R&D, manufacturing, distribution, and marketing, with a strong focus on prescription medicines.

We give first thought to patients and their families, and to increasing the benefits health care provides.

Eisai's corporate philosophy reflects our commitment to business activities aiming to increase the benefits to patients, their families, and consumers, who we clearly recognize as the key players in healthcare. This corporate philosophy is summarized by the term “human health care”."
L&T Heavy Civil ...,4.4,(244 Reviews),Chennai + 36 more,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Tsys Card Tech S...,4.3,(244 Reviews),"Columbus,Georgia + 2 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"TSYS is a leading global provider of seamless, secure and innovative solutions to payment card issuers — financial institutions and retail companies — in approximately 80 countries worldwide. With nearly 200 clients, and more than 638 million traditional accounts on file, TSYS succeeds by putting people and their needs at the heart of every decision to help them unlock payment possibilities. It's an approach TSYS calls People-Centered Payments®."
India Nippon Ele...,4.1,(244 Reviews),Public,"Hosur,Tamil Nadu + 15 more",39 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"India Nippon Electricals Ltd was incorporated in 1984 and converted into a joint venture in 1986 between Lucas Indian Service Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lucas-TVS Ltd and MAHLE Electric Drives Japan Corporation, Japan - a company of MAHLE Group, Germany, to manufacture Electronic Ignition Systems for two-wheelers, three wheelers and portable engines. Over the years the company has enlarged its customer base and now supplies to most of the manufacturers of two-wheelers, three wheelers and gensets."
ETA Engineering,3.7,(244 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 17 more",29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ETA Engineering Pvt. Limited (EEPL) was formed towards end of 1994 as a subsidiary of M/s Electromechanical Technical Associates, and parented by ETA LLC Dubai to provide state-of the-art equipment and workmanship of international quality, clearly distinguishable from what has been otherwise available to customers in India."
Varroc Engineeri...,3.8,(244 Reviews),Aurangabad + 13 more,33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Varroc is a global tier-1 automotive component group. We commenced operations in India with our Polymer business in 1990. We design, manufacture and supply exterior lighting systems, plastic and polymer components, electrical-electronics components, and precision metallic components to passenger car, commercial vehicle, two-wheeler, three-wheeler, and off-highway vehicle (“OHV”) OEMs directly worldwide.

We are the second largest Indian auto component group (by consolidated revenue for FY 2017) and a leading tier-1 manufacturer and supplier to Indian two-wheeler and three-wheeler OEMs (by consolidated revenue for FY 2017). We are the sixth-largest global exterior automotive lighting manufacturer and one of the top three independent exterior lighting players (by market share in 2016). In FY20, we clocked in revenue in excess of Rs 112 billion. Between FY 2016 and FY 2020, we had a compound annual growth rate (‘CAGR’) of 10% in our revenue.

With over 3 decades of relentless commitment to excellence and value-focused performance, Varroc offers the best design solutions that provide its customers with a competitive edge in their markets. This has helped Varroc place itself as the most preferred partner with all leading OEMs in the automotive segment across the world."
Ricoh,4.1,(262 Reviews),Public,"Ota City,Tokyo + 37 more",87 years old,1-10 Employees (India),"Headquartered in Tokyo, the Ricoh Group is a global technology leader with operations in about 200 countries and regions. In the financial year ending March 2017, it had worldwide sales of 2,028 billion yen (approx. USD 18.2 billion). Ricoh is present in India for over 37 years and operates through a robust pan-India network of 17 offices and over 1,000 business partners. What sets Ricoh apart is that it delivers not only a wide array of products and solutions but consistent service levels across the globe."
Phillips Carbon ...,3.9,(243 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 11 more",63 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Phillips Carbon Black Limited (PCBL), a part of RP-Sanjiv Goenka Group, is India's largest carbon black producer and exporter in India. The Company has a turnover of Rs 3592 Cr, and four strategically located state-of-the-art plants at Durgapur, Palej, Kochi and Mundra.Set up in collaboration with a US company Phillips Petroleum, PCBL started production in 1962 with 14,000 metric tonnes (MT) of carbon black at Durgapur. Currently, it has a production capacity of 5,71,000 MT per annum in India, and involves a dedicated capacity of Specialty Blacks of 40,000 MT per annum at Palej, and 76 MW of Green power.PCBL has etched its global footprints and has a market presence in more than 30 nations with decanting stations, warehouses located near customer locations. The non-rubber or Speciality Black customers include prominent names across the globe. PCBL, with its proud legacy, always strives towards becoming “a trusted GLOBAL player providing cutting edge solutions” to its “PARTNERS and an exciting workplace” to its “PEOPLE”. The Company provides a complete portfolio of products to meet the specific end requirements across Rubber, Plastics, Coatings, Inks and other niche industries globally. The Company has been continuously reinventing itself in order to make the best in class products. Additionally, PCBL's after sales service and strong technical support ensures a fiercely loyal base of customers from around the world..PCBL is the first carbon black company in the world to receive carbon credits. PCBL has redefined its business by establishing captive power plants at each factory from the off-gas or waste product from the carbon black manufacturing process thus creating a sustainable green movement. The gas, a by-product of carbon black production, is harnessed for generating electricity at the Company's Captive Power Plants (CPP), at Palej, Durgapur, Mundra and Kochi. The Company has heavily cut down on carbon and gas emission, and serves green power to Large Private industrial units and State Electricity utilities.Through de-bottlenecking projects, PCBL has also expanded its capacity across all four plants. The Company has already started work on expanding the capacity through a greenfield plant, which will be set up in southern India. The brownfield expansion in Palej and Mundra in Gujarat is likely to be completed by the end of FY'19.

From the pioneer plant at Durgapur in the East to Kochi plant in the south, Palej and Mundra plants in the west - PCBL footprint spans across India. Wherever PCBL goes, the Company becomes an integral part of the social eco-system. PCBL's more than 50 years' journey to be the cleanest carbon black company is the result of meticulous planning and committed execution."
Avineon India,3.7,(243 Reviews),Private,Mc Lean + 4 more,25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Avineon India Pvt. Ltd., a subsidiary of Avineon, Inc., specializes in engineering, geospatial, and IT services and products that optimize data visualization, usability, and effectiveness for government and commercial customers. 
Avineon India is an ISO 9001:2015 registered company with offices in Hyderabad, Kakinada and Abu Dhabi.  Avineon India's Information Security Management System (ISMS) is ISO27001:2013 registered, reflecting our commitment to global standards and superior service. We also recognize the importance of Health Safety and Environment (HSE) standards with ISO 14001:2004 and OHSAS 18001:2007 registrations. 
Avineon, Inc. is the holding company of Avineon India. Incorporated in 1992, Avineon, Inc. maintains headquarters in McLean, Virginia with branch offices in Florida and Michigan. It also operates Avineon Europe, our European affiliate."
Ergode IT Servic...,3.9,(243 Reviews),Private,"Houston,Texas, + 3 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Over the last 15+ years, the firm has enabled 2500+ brands to expand in e-commerce and helped brand owners make strategic decisions. Ergode is one of the fastest-growing brand aggregators in North America. Under the firm's management, brands gain an edge over premium household labels and become the preferred choice by consumers around the globe.

For more information, visit www.ergode.com."
Katerra,3.5,(243 Reviews),Private,"Menlo Park,California + 13 more",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Technology-driven efficiencies and insights have driven extraordinary productivity gains in the global economy over the last several decades. We are doing the same for building design and construction, applying many of these established tools—and inventing others—to address entrenched challenges."
360 Realtors,3.6,(243 Reviews),LLP,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 19 more",9 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in 2014, 360 Realtors, as the name suggests, specializes in providing all-around solutions to meet the various facets of residential & commercial property purchase & investment. In this short period of existence, we have established ourselves as the largest real estate advisory in India through our commitment towards building new benchmarks of excellence in the industry. Driven by our motto of Commitment, Honest & Reliability, we continuously pursue the goal of identifying the best possible opportunities for our clients and assisting them in making smart & prudent decisions."
XL Health,4.3,(243 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 1 more",26 years old,11-50 Employees (India),XLHealth is dedicated to offering healthcare programs and services that help improve the quality of care for Medicare beneficiaries with chronic illnesses.
Anmol Industries,4.0,(243 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 41 more",29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Anmol Industries Limited is a packaged food company, majorly focusing on biscuits, cakes and cookies. We have a strong presence in Northern and Eastern India and are currently making progressive efforts to establish footprints in the Southern and Western parts as well. Since 1994, we have successfully leveraged our established brand presence, strategic supply chain, diversified product portfolio and consequent value proposition for consumers to reach maximum households. Additionally, our strategically located manufacturing facilities, experienced promoters and senior management team have made relentless efforts to establish Anmol as an iconic brand across India."
Hinduja Housing ...,4.0,(243 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 84 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hinduja Housing Finance (HHF) is a part of the prestigious Hinduja Group, Registered and Certified by National Housing Bank. Hinduja Housing Finance was primarily formed to make the dreams of people to own a home come true. This is a professionally managed housing finance company with a pan-Indian presence. We have a sound backbone and modern infrastructure to provide customers with efficient service and authorized share capital. We have designed customized solutions to cater to ​Residential, Real Estate and other financial intermediations."
Reliance Jewels,4.3,(243 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 71 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Reliance Jewels Jewellery format stores across India with your favourite wedding, occasion and daily wear jewellery. We only use BIS Hallmarked Gold and Certified Diamonds."
Alankit,2.9,(243 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 33 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A market leader and eminent name in the industry today, Alankit is a more than two-decade old conglomerate, having diversified operations in the vital segments like Financial Services, e-Governance, Healthcare and Insurance Broking. Alankit Limited, the flagship company of the group, stands strong as the leading e-Governance service provider of the country. It is listed on both the premier exchanges of the country; National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (BSE).With its headquarter at Delhi, Alankit banks upon its team of professionals, which help facilitate operations through a wide PAN India network of 21 regional offices, spread out at 6120 business locations in 673+ cities, catering to over 21 million customers."
Polaris Consulti...,3.7,(243 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 13 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1993, Polaris Consulting & Services Limited is a global leader in Financial Technology (FT) for Banking, Insurance, and other Financial Services. Polaris is an expert in digital transformation, with over 25 years of experience and more than 300 clients across the globe. The company has the scale and intellectual capital to tackle programs of any size, yet approach small projects with the care and enthusiasm of a boutique firm. Polaris’ agile structure and innovative methodologies provide clients with fast responses and pragmatic processes that speed results."
Axa XL,3.7,(243 Reviews),Hamilton + 3 more,37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"AXA XL is the P&C and specialty risk division of AXA, known for solving even the most complex risks. For mid-sized companies to the world’s largest multinationals, we offer traditional and innovative insurance solutions and services in over 200 countries and territories.

Whatever path your business is on in these uncertain and fascinating times, we’ll be there. Wherever and whenever you need us.

How? It starts with a strong and efficient capital platform, data-driven insights, leading technology, and a flexible approach. Driven by a culture of superior service, our talented and recognized teams are empowered to create relevant solutions across all our lines of business − property, casualty, professional, financial lines, and specialty."
Tata Steel Utili...,3.9,(243 Reviews),Jamshedpur + 10 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
CSG Internationa...,4.3,(242 Reviews),Private,"Englewood,Colorado + 4 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Customer experience, commerce and payments have changed forever. With innovative new technologies like 5G and AI reshaping consumer expectations, it’s up to brands to deliver digital, engaging experiences that win over customers, no matter where they are in their customer journey.

That’s where CSG comes in. CSG is a purpose-driven, high-growth SaaS platform company helping some of the world’s most recognizable brands solve their toughest business challenges. We’re a trusted partner to global companies that want to evolve to meet the demands of today’s digital economy, with future-ready solutions that drive exceptional customer experiences.

By channeling the power of all, we make ordinary customer and employee experience extraordinary. We’re with you and your customers every step of the way, and at every stage of the customer lifecycle. We can consult with you on customer needs, design a front-facing customer experience and deliver the back-office systems to back it up. And we wrap it all in our managed services and CX consultancy to continue fine-tuning and improving interactions and operations.

The impact of our solutions isn't always seen, but it's felt. When a teenager tops up their cell phone plan to stay on the phone with their grandparents a little longer, that's CSG. When someone gets a reminder that their vital medication is ready for pickup, CSG helps make that happen. And when someone pays directly from their bank account to avoid processing fees, yes, that's CSG too."
Ramco Industries,4.3,(242 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 44 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ramco Industries Limited is part of the US$ 1 billion Ramco Group with interests in Cement, Dry Wall & Ceiling products, Roofing products, Cotton yarn, Surgical cotton and Computer Software.With 12 plants across South Asia and a 8,000 strong partner network, Ramco Industries is one of the leading building materials manufacturers in South Asia and has been at the forefront of innovation answering perplexing challenges with definitive solutions.Ramco's first plant to manufacture roofing sheets was set up at Arakkonam, Tamil Nadu in 1967. Apart from the Arakkonam plant, the company operates eight modern plants manufacturing high quality fibre cement roofing sheets in India today: Gangaikondan - Tamil Nadu, Karur – Karnataka, Maksi - Madhya Pradesh, Silvassa - UT of Dadra & Nagar Haveli, Kharagpur - West Bengal, Vijayawada - Andhra Pradesh, Anjar – Gujarat, Bihiya – Bihar. The present aggregate capacity for Fibre Cement Sheets manufacture in India is over 7 lakh tons per annum."
Kelly Services,4.1,(242 Reviews),Private,"Troy,Michigan + 28 more",77 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Kelly Services, Inc. is an American office staffing company that operates globally. The company places employees at all levels in various sectors including financial services, information technology, and law."
Tanishq Jeweller...,4.4,(242 Reviews),Bengaluru + 84 more,29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Coined by Mr Xerxes Desai by marrying the words 'Tan' meaning body and 'Nishk' meaning a gold ornament, Tanishq is a name synonymous with superior craftsmanship, exclusive designs and superlative product quality. A journey that started with the launch of 18K gold watches studded with precious stones, Tanishq soon grew into a 22K gold jeweller who understood the evolving needs and desires of the Indian woman. A blend of traditional values coupled with a modern outlook made us India’s first and largest jewellery retail store chain and allows us to maintain our position as the top Indian jewellery brand.

At Tanishq, jewellery is not a product, but rather, a manifestation of artistry and this is why we are a brand that has the distinct honour of being coveted by Indian women."
Foray Software,3.7,(242 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 12 more",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Foray is an ISO certified dynamic and rapidly growing information technology consulting and services company. Foray brings a well-structured combination of business consulting, cutting edge products, customized solution development, and enterprise deployment expertise to generate game-changing value for its customers. Foray has a proven process called 4A (Align Accountable Agile and Accomplish) that minimizes risk, cuts cycle time and delivers measurable ROI Offering deep domain expertise in Banking, Financial Services, Insurance, Infrastructure, Manufacturing, Retail, Telecom and Healthcare industries, Foray leads its service in offering skills augmentation and professional consulting services."
Pepperfry,3.5,(242 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 25 more",12 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"What happens when 2 friends and colleagues come together and dream a common dream? India's No.1 online furniture and home decor destination, Pepperfry is born. We opened for business on 3rd January 2012, with a simple vision - to change the way people shop for their homes. With over one lakh products, 5 million happy customers, delivery to 500+ cities and our omni-channel business expanding to 25 experience centres, we feel we've come a long way. But we've only just begun! So if you are a dynamic and resourceful individual who loves doing something new every day, talk to us!"
Zeetech Manageme...,4.5,(242 Reviews),Private,Dehradun + 32 more,12 years old,1-10 Employees (India),N/A
Automatic Infote...,4.6,(242 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 6 more",18 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Automatic Infotech is part of the USD 60 Million Group of Companies. Automatic is a diversified conglomerate with business presence in:Information Technology
Manufacturing
Construction
Media And Hospitality
Financial Services"
Victora Tool Eng...,3.9,(242 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 6 more",51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A name that has come a long way to redefine values and the meaning of precision in the field of Sheet Metal Components, Dies, Tools and Panel Checkers and their Toolings. A symbol of innovative excellence and spirit of enterprise, the Company has responded to the varied needs, wishes and wants of the industry in terms of Quality, Cost and Delivery.VTE is the flagship company of Rs. 200 crore group of companies having interests is Sheet Metal Components for automobile industry, white goods industry and housing sector. Coupled with rich domain knowledge in design, development and engineering, VTE is equipped with world class manufacturing facilities to fully cater to the needs of almost all types of Sheet Metal components"
SNS College of T...,4.9,(242 Reviews),501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
SMS Infrastructu...,3.9,(242 Reviews),Private,"Nagpur,Maharashtra + 39 more",60 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Since the years of its existence., SMS has grown to become one of the largest infrastructure companies in Central India managing the work professionally even though it is closely held. SMS has been expanding its presence across the country and abroad and is today present across more than 10 cities in India having branch offices and various site offices together with an employee base of over 1300. We are among the first 500 unlisted companies in the country in terms of turnover."
Kerala State Ele...,4.3,(241 Reviews),Private,"Trivandrum/Thiruvananthapuram,Kerala + 20 more",66 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Kerala State Electricity Board Ltd is a public sector undertaking under the Government of Kerala, India, that generates, transmits and distributes the electricity supply in the state"
Regalix,3.3,(241 Reviews),Private,San Mateo + 4 more,18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Regalix is a global leader partnering with companies on sales enablement, revenue operations, and thought-leadership. Founded in 2005 with headquarters in Palo Alto, CA and offices around the world, Regalix has hundreds of customers from F500 to SMBs including Google, Amazon, SAP, VMware, BMC and several others. With its roots in data-driven, ROI-focused marketing, Regalix delivers value at scale and speed to leaders in the industry."
Hindware,4.2,(241 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 50 more,63 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Set up in 1960 as Hindustan Twyfords Ltd, with a technical collaboration with Twyfords UK, to introduce vitreous china sanitaryware in India. The company was subsequently renamed Hindustan Sanitaryware and Industries Limited in 1969 and HSIL Limited in 2009.

The product portfolio was expanded by launching water heaters, in collaboration with Euro 1.6 billion Groupe Atlantic of France, the global leader in heating solutions. With both these categories performing exceptionally well, purification products under the brand 'Moonbow by hindware' to offer air and water purifiers and air coolers under the brand 'hindware Snowcrest' were launched. The company has recently done an agreement with Formenti E Giovenzana of Italy for the distribution of furniture functional hardware fitting products in India.

The product offerings were further expanded to include home furniture, soft furnishings, home decor and accessories, wall fashion, modular kitchens and modular wardrobes by launching a chain of large retail format stores under the brand 'EVOK'.

The company acquired Associated Glass Industries Limited (AGI) in 1981and entered the Packaging Products business. PET bottles business was added through the acquisition of Garden Polymers Private Limited (GPPL) in 2011. Packaging Products Division further expanded its business and launched counterfeit-resistant caps and closures under the brand 'AGI Clozure'."
Competent Synerg...,3.8,(241 Reviews),Private,"Chandigarh,Haryana + 23 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"STARTING OFF IN THE NASCENT STAGE AS AN AGENCY FOR SURVEY, COLLECTION AND VERIFICATION, WE MOVED ON TO THE BPO SECTOR WITH THE BOOM IN THE TELECOM INDUSTRY.

WE WERE ONE OF THE PIONEERS IN THE FIELD IN THIS REGION. OURS IS PERHAPS ONE OF THE FEW SERVICE PROVIDERS THAT OWN THE CONFIDENCE OF ALL TELECOM COMPANIES, ENOUGH FOR ALL TO GIVE US THEIR BUSINESS.
WE AT COMPETENT SYNERGIES ARE PROUD TO SHARE THAT 75% OF OUR TACTICAL TEAM HAS OVER 10 YEARS OF EXPERIENCE IN MULTIPLE TELECOM SERVICE MANAGEMENT.

OUR OFFERS ARE STRUCTURED ALONG DOMAIN EXPERTISE BASED INDUSTRY VERTICALS AND SPECIALIZED HORIZONTAL SERVICE OFFERS.

THIS ENSURES THAT SUBJECT MATTER EXPERTS MANAGE OPERATIONS AND THE RELEVANT OPERATIONAL SKILLS ARE READILY DEPLOYED FOR ENSURING OPTIMAL SERVICE DELIVERY.
LOOKING BACK AND BEYOND, THE VALUES AND PRINCIPLES THAT WE HAVE LIVED BY SINCE THE BEGINNING OF THIS JOURNEY HAVE BEEN HONESTY, INTEGRITY, PERSEVERANCE AND HARD WORK.

WE HAVE ADDED TO OUR STRENGTH IN NUMBERS WITH THE BELIEF THAT 1 AND 1 DO NOT JUST MAKE 2, BUT STANDING BESIDE EACH OTHER THEY HAVE THE STRENGTH OF 11. SO WITH EACH OF OUR PARTNERS, EMPLOYEES AND CLIENTS JOINING IN, WE HAVE GROWN FROM STRENGTH TO STRENGTH.

WE ARE ‘COMPETENT WITH GOD’S GRACE’ AND PRAY THAT WE CONTINUE TO BE SO FOR ALL TIMES TO COME."
Essae Teraoka,3.8,(241 Reviews),JV,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 52 more",37 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Essae group of companies, head-quartered in Bengaluru was founded in 1965 with a vision to manufacture products which will help society. The total sale of this fast growing group turnover 2017-18 Rs 424 Crores (US $ 70.79 Million).

Essae has always stood for excellence in all the business areas it operates. The Essae Group is certified with ISO 9001, as a mark of its continuous commitment to Quality. The company holds very strong principles and guiding values of creating value for the customer, adhering to the corporate governance and generating win-win situations for all."
Uniparts Group,4.1,(241 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 14 more",39 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"UNIPARTS Group is a leading international manufacturer of components, assemblies and hydraulic systems for agricultural and construction equipment.

Our customers include the leading OEM manufactures and since start of operation in 1984 the group has grown to a global and leading manufacturer of 3-point linkage systems and precision machined components and is operating out of 8 locations - 5 in India, 2 in USA and 1 in Germany."
Mavenir Systems,3.9,(241 Reviews),Private,"Richardson,Texas + 11 more",6 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mavenir is building the future of networks and pioneering advanced technology, focusing on the vision of a single, software-based automated network that runs on any cloud.  

As the industry’s only end-to-end, cloud-native network software provider, Mavenir is focused on transforming the way the world connects, accelerating software network transformation for 250+ Communications Service Providers and Enterprises in over 120 countries, which serve more than 50% of the world’s subscribers."
Schwing Stetter,4.1,(241 Reviews),Private,Herne + 32 more,78 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Schwing Stetter India is the first among companies to have ventured into the concrete equipment business in India after liberalisation. Schwing Stetter India is a 100 percent subsidiary of Schwing GmbH, Germany, a 78 year old, $1 billion concreting equipment manufacturer with its headquarters in Herne, Germany. Schwing Group has 12 manufacturing units worldwide and is present in over 145 countries. Schwing Stetter India was registered in June 1998 and began operations in 1999. In 2001, it set up its own manufacturing facility at Sriperumbudur in Chennai, followed by the second facility in 2004, exclusively to manufacture Truck Mixers. In December 2006, the company inaugurated its third facility for Concrete Batching Plants. In March 2012 the company inaugurated its fourth facility for world class fabrication to support the three existing manufacturing facilities to meet the growing demands"
Harjai Computers,4.4,(241 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 7 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Our name sums us up best. Etymologically, Harjai means Omnipresence. We at Harjai, aim at providing high quality work in our area of expertise, everywhere and every time. Incorporated in 1995, Harjai Group has grown into providing Software Solutions, IT Staffing, Recruitment, US Recruitment, Outsourcing and International Education Counseling services. We believe that services is all about people. No wonder then, that we place a high degree of importance on relationships. This is reflected in the way we respond to our customers and interact with our employees."
SPML Infra,3.4,(241 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 39 more",42 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"SPML Infra Limited (formarly Subhash Projects And Marketing Limited) is a leading infrastructure development company with more than two and half decades of multi-disciplinary experience in Water, Power, Environment, Infrastructure, Manufacturing and Technology. The company that started in 1981 as a water pumps agency in Guwahati has evolved today into a multi-faceted conglomerate. Promoted by the Sethi family, SPML was incorporated as a public limited company in August 1983. An ISO – 9001: 2000 certified company, SPML has executed more than 400 projects across India and is currently developing infrastructure projects with projected investments worth Rs.15000 crores"
Mazagon Dock,4.3,(241 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 3 more",89 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mazagon Dock Limited (MDL) is India’s prime shipyard. MDL manufactures warships and submarines for the Indian Navy, as well as offshore platforms and associated support vessels for offshore oil drilling. It also builds tankers, cargo bulk carriers and passenger ships and ferries"
Inspirisys Solut...,3.9,(241 Reviews),Public,Chennai + 34 more,32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Inspirisys enables enterprises to re-imagine their businesses for the ever-changing digital world. Established in 1991, we are a leading information technology services and consulting company in India along with having a global footprint across North America, Middle East, UK, Japan, and Singapore markets.

Our belief in constant technological evolution in this ever-changing digital landscape and our long lasting relationships with our customers makes us a trusted and preferred business partner in many of our clients’ digital transformation. We offer an integrated portfolio of world-class solutions & services across Infrastructure, IoT, Information Security, Cloud & Mobility and Product Engineering & Development to Industry Verticals like BFSI, Telecom, Government / PSU, Manufacturing, and Healthcare.

We empower top global enterprises across myriad verticals by helping them drive business-enabled IT initiatives with our end-to-end provisioning of IT services combined with the latest digital technology. Being a part of larger conglomerate – CAC Holdings Corporation has provided Inspirisys with a great platform to be a co-innovator to global businesses to facilitate their digital transformation."
OnProcess Techno...,3.9,(240 Reviews),Private,"Ashland,Massachusetts + 1 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"OnProcess Technology is a business optimization specialist for the post-sale value chain, digitizing and streamlining service and supply chain processes. Rooted in the belief that you do not have to sacrifice one for the other, OnProcess is laser focused on precisely harmonizing cost savings with customer experience, and revenue improvement to achieve optimal client outcomes. Starting as a reverse logistics company in 1998, OnProcess has made significant investments in their technology platforms, analytics, and artificial intelligence capabilities in order to expand their value proposition to be inclusive of the outcome based end to end service value chain. The company is committed to, and continues to deliver new innovations driving continuous improvement for their clients. Through this digital transformation, OnProcess has brought real-time single platform visibility, predictive analytics, and decision tree automation- delivering highly targeted, and significantly improved business outcomes for their clients."
Sheela Foam,4.3,(240 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 60 more",52 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A leader in Polyurethane (PU) Foam, Sheela Group is a multi-billion rupee entity. It has a nationwide presence in manufacturing PU Foam with a global marketing perspective and an impeccable track record, since 1971. Sheela Group is committed to a one-point programme that of bringing comfort, convenience and luxury to enhance the lifestyle of a modern man."
Securitas,3.9,(240 Reviews),Private,Stockholm + 23 more,89 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Securitas is a global knowledge leader in security. From a broad range of services of specialized guarding, technology solutions and consulting and investigations, we customize offerings that are suited to the individual customer’s needs, in order to deliver the most effective security solutions. Everywhere from small stores to airports, our 370,000 employees are making a difference."
Sany Heavy Indus...,3.9,(240 Reviews),Private,"Beijing,Beijing + 34 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sany Group is a leading enterprise of high-end equipment manufacturing industry with over 20 R&D centers and manufacturing bases all over the world. SANY market value exceeded USD 20 billion in 2019, ranking among the top 3 global construction machinery manufacturers."
Emerson Network ...,4.1,(240 Reviews),Public,"St. Louis,Missouri + 34 more",133 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Emerson, we’re passionate about what we do. By fusing decades of technology and engineering expertise, Emerson continues to solve some of the world’s most complex challenges with innovative solutions for customers in industrial, commercial, and residential markets. We recruit the greatest talent and apply the best technologies to benefit our customers worldwide."
Reliance Home Fi...,4.6,(240 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 42 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Reliance Home Finance (RHF) is one of India's leading home finance companies in the private sector. We provide financial solutions like Loans Against Property, Housing Finance Loans, Construction Funding loans. 
 
At the core of brand Reliance Home Finance (RHF) is our proposition – “Sapne Adhure, Hum Karein Poore”…. We are committed to fulfilling the dreams of entrepreneurs in the country. Our customers have never seen shortage of capital coming in their way of realizing their dreams, and that's how we are promoting and upholding our ethos.  We offer the best financial solutions for our costumers - through funding as well as in advisory capacity for our partners.  Our motto finds a place in the government's larger dream of ""Housing for All""​.

Our Philosophy
We believe in promoting 'entrepreneurship'​ even amongst our employees. If you have a dream to scale up yourself, then this is the right place. We provide a culture where talent thrives, and is allowed to flow from one domain to the other. That's how we proudly share the success stories of our people. Our leaders have grown from the ranks."
CodeClouds,4.8,(240 Reviews),Private,"Pipitea,Wellington + 3 more",14 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Since our founding in 2009, CodeClouds has grown from a group of 4 individuals working in a small apartment in Kolkata, India to an international team of more than 550 professionals today. Our global offices in India, the US, New Zealand and Australia allow us to have unique teams individuals from different cultures giving us the advantage of having many varying perspectives, experience, and higher morale. Together we have years of accumulated experience in custom web and software development, as well as design and consulting. We’ve established an extensive repository of knowledge, meaning we can deliver the right solutions to our clients quickly, efficiently and with competitive pricing."
Continental Engi...,3.9,(240 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 23 more,40 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Since 1983, Continental Engines Automotive Components Division is involved in designing, manufacturing and distribution of a wide range of high quality intricate aluminum cast automotive components. The division supplies its products to major OEM's across the globe.
With a strong distribution network and unparalleled product excellence, the division has emerged as a preferred name in the auto components export market. The head office of the division is located at Gurgaon, NCR and it has setup its marketing offices across Europe and Middle East.
The manufacturing plant of the division is strategically located at Bhiwadi, Alwar (Rajasthan). The TS 16949 and ISO 14001& OHSAS certified facility is equipped with advanced machinery and equipment. The division follows best practices including Total Productive Maintenance (TPM), Total Quality Management (TQM) and Lean Manufacturing."
Ceinsys Tech,3.9,(240 Reviews),Public,"Nagpur,Maharashtra + 31 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Ceinsys Tech Limited (formerly ADCC Infocad Limited) is a CMMI (SVC & DEV) Level 3 and a BSE Listed company. A part of the large conglomerate Meghe Group of Institutions, we have a core focus on providing Engineering, Geospatial & IT solutions. Incorporated in 1998, Ceinsys has built up a reputation as one of the premier Geospatial solution providers in the country. Over the past few years, Ceinsys has taken its capability and vast experience to a global level and now has two dedicated offices overseas. With a team of 1400+ employees spread across different locations, Ceinsys is in a position to deliver high volume turnkey solutions to clients.Ceinsys Engineering Solutions address several segments – hydraulic modelling and consultancy in the Water domain; consultancy including smart metering in Energy sector; design and modelling services for the Construction industry and DPR preparations for Roads and Highways using LiDAR technology. Our Geospatial solutions include Cadastral mapping, Municipal solutions, Resource mapping and analysis, Mining applications & Heritage mapping."
People Group,3.9,(352 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Digitization coupled with connected devices are changing the world. We believe that the existing order will be disrupted and will result in entirely new brands taking up most of consumer mindshare. At People Group our mission is to create, operate or invest in at least 100 of the top 1000 digitally led brands that will be created from India by 2025"
Hettich,3.7,(239 Reviews),Private,Kirchlengern + 24 more,135 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Hettich can look back on a successful company history spanning over 125. It is defined by outstanding engineering achievements and bold entrepreneurship. East Westphalia-Lippe  has been our home since 1930 – the heart of the German furniture industry. It is here that we produce Technik für Möbel, or technology for furniture: we excite people across the globe with intelligent, innovative furniture fittings. The Hettich Group is entirely family owned. The management reins were passed on to Dr. Andreas Hettich in the fourth generation in 2007."
Electrosteel Cas...,3.8,(239 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 11 more",68 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Growing from strength to strength over half a century, Electrosteel Castings Limited is inspired by a strong legacy and motivated by the vision to remain world-class through a focus on quality products and quality services. Today the Company is India's leading pipeline solution provider. It has a strong brand presence around the globe and has one prevailing aim - to remain the first choice in the market segment by becoming an international benchmark. An industry pioneer in India, Electrosteel has always remained the distinct choice for water engineers and domain experts in Ductile Iron Pipes and Fittings.
Apart from meeting the growing demand for DI Pipes in India successfully, Electrosteel has established a strong foothold in the international markets. It caters to a large customer base in 35 countries spread across the Indian subcontinent, South East Asia and the Middle East, Europe, USA, South America and Africa."
Vara United,3.8,(239 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 26 more,9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Vara Technology is the front runner in embracing innovation and leveraging world class technology to deliver maximum business value to organizations. We partner with companies and align state-of-the-art IT strategies to businesses goals so as to drive new value and bring about tangible outcomes.
Onward eServices,3.9,(239 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 39 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"understanding how the expansion of renewable energy generation resources will impact grid reliability and security is not easy. But then, OATI has never shied away from the difficult problems presenting challenges to the energy industry. Since 1995, OATI has focused on how such challenges can be met and incorporated into new solutions. As a pioneer of internet-based solutions more than 20 years ago, OATI simplifies, streamlines, and empowers the operational tasks required in today’s energy commerce and Smart Grid. Today, as service provider to leading global energy industry organizations, OATI continues to ‘Transform the Business of Energy’. Continuing its successful history as an industry vanguard, OATI has created solutions for Distributed Energy Resource management, battery storage, and Electric Vehicle (EV) charging network management, and other advanced systems. OATI works with its customers to ensure challenges are solved and goals are achieved. Because of this, energy industry participants can have confidence OATI will provide the solution they need. Headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, OATI has offices in California, India, and Singapore, as well as the Microgrid Technology Center in Bloomington, MN."
Gammon Engineers...,3.9,(239 Reviews),Mumbai + 32 more,101 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Gammon Engineers and Contractors is not only one of the largest civil engineering construction companies in India, but can also lay claim to having built the maximum number of bridges in the whole of the commonwealth. For nearly a century Gammon has been undertaking and executing the toughest engineering and construction projects. It has an admirable track record, a solid experience and a proven strength on delivery norms across its full spectrum of services. Around the world, Gammon’s projects boost growth in economies and improve the quality of life of millions of people. Its expertise helps businesses generate values from the most challenging circumstances. All this has enabled Gammon to become a name that is inextricably woven into the fabric of India.

 

From the Gateway of India to India’s first indigenously designed fast breeder reactor, Gammon has become one of the world’s leading construction companies. As builders to the nation, the Company makes concrete contributions by designing and constructing bridges, ports, thermal and nuclear power station, dams, cross country water, oil and gas pipelines, highways, chemical and fertilizer complexes and environmental structures. It has accomplished this by fusing tremendous engineering knowledge with groundbreaking skills, harnessing men and materials across diverse projects. The company’s talented team knows that projects are critical to the continued growth and success of the nation.
 

Structures built by Gammon stand as living testimonies to the victory of man over nature. It believes that today’s solutions will not be adequate tomorrow.

 

This insatiable quest has led Gammon to pioneer many innovations. These include Reinforced and Pre-stressed Concrete, Long Span bridges, Underwater concreting, Thin shell structures, Non-shrinking concrete and Aluminum trusses for launching precast and Pre-stressed beams.
 

These resounding achievements have won Gammon the status of an R&D Institution with an unparalleled honour.
Gammon provides the base, the motivation and the encouragement to look forward with optimism and confidence and the lateral integration to take it all into the future. As builders to the nation Gammon builds your future."
Apex Laboratorie...,4.0,(239 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 40 more,45 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"apex is a branded formulations player who poineered the introduction of Zinc in the pharmaceutical formulations in India. 

Started in 1978, apex laboratories has been under the able leadership of Mr.S.S.Vanangamudi who is heading the company as the Chairman & Managing Director.

The company is a pioneer in the introduction of Zinc based formulations in India and continues to be the brand leader in the Multivitamin Mineral Supplements segment. The company's growth is powered by its focus on manufacture and supply of quality products, formidable sales & marketing strength, 100% ethical marketing, growing market acceptance of the products and continued patronage by the medical fraternity.

With humble beginnings and 4 decades of growth history, the company today boasts of a formidable people strength of over 2100, strong manufacturing capability with continuous technology improvement, all-India market presence in branded formulations, excellent distribution network, and successful foray into herbal products. The company is ranked among the top 50 fastest growing pharmaceutical companies in India by ORG-IMS.

With a range of products in various segments, apex is proud of quite a few brand leaders in India, The company has recorded stable growth over the years and has registered steep growth in the last 10 years. The current business size is INR 500 crores (USD 75 million) and the company aims to achieve INR 750 crores (USD 100 million) by 2020, by leveraging our manufacturing strength, increased presence in overseas markets including regulated markets countries, new product launches and focus on R & D for developing innovative products to the global market."
ASM Technologies,3.6,(239 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 14 more",31 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in 1992, ASM Technologies Limited is a publicly-listed company in India with a global presence in the USA, Singapore, UK, Canada, Mexico, and Japan. With over two decades of experience, ASM has been providing world-class consulting and product development services in the areas of Engineering Services and Product R&D with successful Offshore Development & Support Centers in India and Overseas for its global clientele."
Merck,4.2,(492 Reviews),Private,"Rahway,New Jersey + 37 more",132 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Merck is a leading global biopharmaceutical company that has been inventing for life for more than a century, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world - including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. This site is intended for residents of the United States and its territories."
FoodPanda,4.1,(238 Reviews),Private,"Berlin,Berlin + 15 more",11 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Foodpanda brings good food into the everyday, whether delivering on our signature pink bikes or serving insights into the newest food trends and showcasing local favorite restaurants.

We're a food delivery service, that's for sure -- but we offer more. We offer the ability to take that first bite of your favourite meal and relish in the moment. Wherever you are. We share our excitement for a world of cuisines; from the vibrant, social media-ready appearance, to the story behind the person who invented the recipe.

Foodpanda operates in 11 countries worldwide. Through the energy of our riders and the teams in all of our office spaces, we connect lovers of food to our brilliant partner restaurants. We're changing the way food delivery is viewed and experienced worldwide."
Yusen Logistics,4.2,(238 Reviews),Private,Tokyo + 26 more,68 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Yusen Logistics is leading global logistics provider with more than 60 years of expertise in freight forwarding and transportation. With over 24,000 employees and more than 500 offices, we service Asia, Australia, Europe, South America, and North America.Along with our global and domestic network, we are committed to delivering high-performance supply chain and transportation solutions leading to value-added results. Specializing in all parts of the supply chain, Yusen Logistics offers thought leadership in industries such as retail, automotive, aerospace, hi-tech/electronics, healthcare/pharma, food, and more."
Wirpo Technologi...,3.9,(238 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 19 more,1 Lakh+ Employees (Global),N/A,N/A,N/A
Tiger Analytics,3.6,(238 Reviews),Private,Santa Clara + 5 more,12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A boutique advanced analytics firm that provides services to businesses to help them make data driven business decisions. We combine our quantitative modeling expertise with deep understanding of business needs and state-of-the-art technologies to solve complex problems. We have a strong team of data scientists, data engineers, and business consultants."
CAPGEMINI INDIA...,3.7,(238 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 12 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Moglix,3.6,(237 Reviews),Private,"Singapore,Singapore + 25 more",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are an Asia-based B2B commerce company intensively inclined towards B2B procurement of industrial supplies, in particular, MRO, Safety, Electrical & Lighting, Cleaning & Laundry Supplies, Office Supplies, Tools and many more industry essentials. Owing to the fragmentation of products and categories, industrial procurement is deemed to be a complex subject, across the globe. However, we at Moglix, through our extensive range of products and dedicated team of professionals are tapping into the responsibility of providing a seamless solution to this deep-rooted problem of the industry."
HSBC Global Serv...,4.1,(237 Reviews),Private,London + 9 more,158 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Global Operations employs thousands of people around the world. Their job is to run and deliver customer operations and help manage change in the bank. Operations is one of the largest global functions in HSBC, employing more than 30,000 colleagues in 52 countries and territories.

In Global Operations we run and deliver customer operations and help to manage change in the bank. We support the global businesses – Wealth and Personal Banking, Commercial Banking and Global Banking and Markets – in delivering customer operations and services across the world.

Our Global Service Centres are an integral part of Global Operations. Employees based there manage day-to-day customer transactions and processes for the global businesses. This may include transactions for our retail bank such as processing loans, credit cards, insurance and mortgage applications, opening new accounts, and managing customer enquiries through contact centres and digital platforms.

Employees in the Global Service Centres also run and manage operations for commercial bank customers. This includes processing credit applications, facilitating payments and managing the import and export transactions that enable customers to protect and grow their businesses through international trade."
SK E&C,4.3,(237 Reviews),Seoul + 32 more,46 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Since its establishment in 1977, SK E&C has been pursuing sustainable growth and stability, along with its consistent efforts to achieve the happiness of humanity and a better world, and gained a good reputation for its excellent technologies and construction capability in the various industries, such as power plants, civil infrastructure, architecture, and housing.

SK E&C will convert from quantitative growth to qualitative growth, and from Global EPC to Global TSP (Total Solution Provider) and will make a leap to accomplish the vision of ‘Global Top Tier City Developer & Infrastructure Builder.’
SK E&C is renowned for its plant business around the world, from feasibility studies to design, procurement, construction, and all cycles to provide customer value as a Total Solution Provider, upgrading the status of the company.
In Korea, we contribute to economic growth and industrial development by diversifying our business from electricity, logistics, energy, chemical, and batteries to renewable energy and semiconductors. In the world, we raise the best value while competing with advanced enterprises on even ground, embracing all business areas of the value chain, including oil and gas plants, global plant EPC projects, development projects, and O&M projects.
We are the first company that entered the LNG business in the U.S. and the oil sands market in Canada, which allows us to flourish in the global market and become a top-tier global company in the plant industry.
When it comes to civil infrastructure projects, we have been expanding our realm from planning to operations while continuously expanding into the global market in Asia and the Middle East, based on our expertise earned by our accumulated experience in Korea and other nations. Furthermore, we secured mega-development projects such as the Turkey Eurasia Underwater Tunnel and Laos Hydroelectric Power Project for the first time in Korea, and the successful completion of those projects contributed to establishing a good reputation as a global civil infrastructure provider.
We play an important role in leading branded domestic large-scale apartment projects, and also we display premium residential spaces through the Incheon and Suwon SK Skyview Apartments that optimize architectural beauty and function of the given spaces.
In addition, we established cutting-edge office buildings, the SK Building in Seorin-dong and SK T-Tower. As our ECO LAB has earned the highest grade, LEED Platinum grade, in the domestic market, we became a leading company in the eco-friendly building industry. Recently, we established “SK V1” with unparalleled designs and state-of-the-art systems, continuing our growth as a leading provider for knowledge industrial centers."
Bharat Bijlee,4.2,(237 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 15 more",77 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Bharat Bijlee (BSE: 503960, NSE: BBL) is a pioneer in electrical engineering in India, and one of the most trusted names in the industry today. Established in 1946, the company has two primary business segments: Power Systems that comprise Transformers and Projects divisions, and Industrial Systems segment comprising Electric Motors, Drives & Industrial Automation and Elevator Systems divisions.
The company caters to a spectrum of industries and the builders of the nation’s infrastructure: power, refineries, steel, cement, railways, machinery, construction and textiles. It also undertakes turnkey projects (switchyards) and is well positioned to provide complete ‘concept to commissioning’ services.
Headquartered in Mumbai, it has extensive sales and service network across India and also serves international markets.
The company’s manufacturing facilities are located in Airoli, Navi Mumbai on a 1,70,321 square meters campus, with a working area of approximately 50,000 square meters. It has state-of-the-art plants for its Power Transformers and Electric Motors that have been certified for ISO: 9001:2015, ISO: 14001:2015 & OHSAS: 18001:2007 standards.
The Forbes Asia Best under a Billion Company award received in 2007 is a testimony to a history of superior performance, innovation and customer centricity.
With a lineage of over seven decades, Bharat Bijlee represents the strength and purpose of the Indian industry and its growing power internationally. It continues to be focused on growth; through expansion of its manufacturing range and capacities, related diversifications and foray into new markets through strategic partnerships."
Bharat Bijlee,4.2,(237 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 15 more",77 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Bharat Bijlee (BSE: 503960, NSE: BBL) is a pioneer in electrical engineering in India, and one of the most trusted names in the industry today. Established in 1946, the company has two primary business segments: Power Systems that comprise Transformers and Projects divisions, and Industrial Systems segment comprising Electric Motors, Drives & Industrial Automation and Elevator Systems divisions.
The company caters to a spectrum of industries and the builders of the nation’s infrastructure: power, refineries, steel, cement, railways, machinery, construction and textiles. It also undertakes turnkey projects (switchyards) and is well positioned to provide complete ‘concept to commissioning’ services.
Headquartered in Mumbai, it has extensive sales and service network across India and also serves international markets.
The company’s manufacturing facilities are located in Airoli, Navi Mumbai on a 1,70,321 square meters campus, with a working area of approximately 50,000 square meters. It has state-of-the-art plants for its Power Transformers and Electric Motors that have been certified for ISO: 9001:2015, ISO: 14001:2015 & OHSAS: 18001:2007 standards.
The Forbes Asia Best under a Billion Company award received in 2007 is a testimony to a history of superior performance, innovation and customer centricity.
With a lineage of over seven decades, Bharat Bijlee represents the strength and purpose of the Indian industry and its growing power internationally. It continues to be focused on growth; through expansion of its manufacturing range and capacities, related diversifications and foray into new markets through strategic partnerships."
Fortis Escorts ...,4.1,(237 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 13 more",35 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Fortis Escorts Heart Institute has set benchmarks in cardiac care with Paediatric path breaking work over the past 30 years. Today, it is recognised world over as a centre of excellence providing the latest technology in Cardiac Bypass Surgery, Interventional Cardiology, Non-invasive Cardiology, Paediatric Cardiology and Paediatric Cardiac Surgery. The hospital is backed by the most advanced laboratories performing complete range of investigative tests in the field of Nuclear Medicine, Radiology, Biochemistry, Haematology, Transfusion Medicine and Microbiology.

Fortis Escorts Heart Institute has a vast pool of talented and experienced team of doctors, who are further supported by a team of highly qualified, experienced & dedicated support staff & cutting edge technology like the recently installed Dual CT Scan. Currently, more than 200 cardiac doctors and 1600 employees work together to manage over 14,500 admissions and 7,200 emergency cases in a year. The hospital today has an infrastructure comprising of around 310 beds (it currently enjoys 100% occupancy rate), 5 Cath Labs besides a host of other world-class facilities."
SK E&C,4.3,(237 Reviews),Seoul + 32 more,46 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Since its establishment in 1977, SK E&C has been pursuing sustainable growth and stability, along with its consistent efforts to achieve the happiness of humanity and a better world, and gained a good reputation for its excellent technologies and construction capability in the various industries, such as power plants, civil infrastructure, architecture, and housing.

SK E&C will convert from quantitative growth to qualitative growth, and from Global EPC to Global TSP (Total Solution Provider) and will make a leap to accomplish the vision of ‘Global Top Tier City Developer & Infrastructure Builder.’
SK E&C is renowned for its plant business around the world, from feasibility studies to design, procurement, construction, and all cycles to provide customer value as a Total Solution Provider, upgrading the status of the company.
In Korea, we contribute to economic growth and industrial development by diversifying our business from electricity, logistics, energy, chemical, and batteries to renewable energy and semiconductors. In the world, we raise the best value while competing with advanced enterprises on even ground, embracing all business areas of the value chain, including oil and gas plants, global plant EPC projects, development projects, and O&M projects.
We are the first company that entered the LNG business in the U.S. and the oil sands market in Canada, which allows us to flourish in the global market and become a top-tier global company in the plant industry.
When it comes to civil infrastructure projects, we have been expanding our realm from planning to operations while continuously expanding into the global market in Asia and the Middle East, based on our expertise earned by our accumulated experience in Korea and other nations. Furthermore, we secured mega-development projects such as the Turkey Eurasia Underwater Tunnel and Laos Hydroelectric Power Project for the first time in Korea, and the successful completion of those projects contributed to establishing a good reputation as a global civil infrastructure provider.
We play an important role in leading branded domestic large-scale apartment projects, and also we display premium residential spaces through the Incheon and Suwon SK Skyview Apartments that optimize architectural beauty and function of the given spaces.
In addition, we established cutting-edge office buildings, the SK Building in Seorin-dong and SK T-Tower. As our ECO LAB has earned the highest grade, LEED Platinum grade, in the domestic market, we became a leading company in the eco-friendly building industry. Recently, we established “SK V1” with unparalleled designs and state-of-the-art systems, continuing our growth as a leading provider for knowledge industrial centers."
Fluper,4.1,(236 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 1 more",10 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Introduced in the year 2013, we are the cutting-edge Web & Mobile App Development Enterprise reigning in the market with a team of seasoned and passionate professionals, including app developers, market researchers, project managers, etc."
Infiniti Researc...,3.9,(236 Reviews),Private,London + 2 more,20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Positioned at the forefront of market intelligence, Infiniti Research has carved out a niche for itself as the premier provider of market intelligence solutions for leading players across industries. Our unmatched market intelligence solutions, consulting, and in-depth market assessments are well-known among industry leaders for their ability to solve the toughest challenges faced by industry players. With expertise across 50+ industries and business functions, we deliver transformational solutions to fulfill the needs of a more demanding, smarter world."
Apex Group,3.5,(236 Reviews),Hamilton + 11 more,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Porter,3.9,(236 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 16 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Porter started off as a platform to address inefficiencies in the last mile logistics sector and transform the way goods are transported around cities, enabling lakhs of businesses move anything on-demand. We’ve grown manyfold since then, positively impacting the productivity of businesses, creating tremendous value for our partner-drivers and delivering happiness to a growing list of five cities.

But our journey has just begun, our goal is to to deliver the world’s best end-to-end logistics platform and revolutionise the transport logistics sector. Porter is strongly committed towards improving the quality of life of our partner drivers. Our partners enjoy flexible working hours, increased earnings and an effective work life balance alongwith additional benefits like discounted insurance and fuel costs.

We’ve also taken up a lot of community development initiatives like higher education grants and scholarships for the children of our partners, dedicated health care assistance and vehicle leasing assistance.

Porter is the leading player in tech-enabled intra-city logistics. Porter is present in 6 cities which include Mumbai, Delhi NCR, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Chennai and Ahmedabad."
FCm Travel Solut...,3.7,(236 Reviews),Private,Brisbane + 20 more,37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"FCM Travel Solutions India a global travel management provider spanning over 90 countries worldwide. We are committed to generating better travel ideas that will lead to greater savings for your business.Winner of the World's Leading Travel Management Company Award at the WTM for nine consecutive years (2019-2011), FCM is constantly transforming the business of travel through its empowered and accountable people who deliver 24/7 service and are available online and offline."
Airtel DTH Servi...,4.2,(236 Reviews),Gurgaon + 85 more,15 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"Bharti Airtel Limited is a leading global telecommunications company with operations in 18 countries across Asia and Africa. Headquartered in New Delhi, the company's product offerings include 2G, 3G and 4G wireless services, mobile commerce, fixed line services, high speed home broadband, DTH, enterprise services including national & international long distance services to carriers. In the rest of the geographies, it offers 2G, 3G, 4G wireless services and mobile commerce. Bharti Airtel has over 403 million customers across its operations. 
We offer both standard and high definition (HD) digital TV services with 3D capabilities and Dolby surround sound. We currently offer a total of 635 channels including 80 HD channels, 5 international channels and 3 interactive services."
Star Bazaar,4.0,(235 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 20 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"STAR Bazaar, a TATA & TESCO ENTERPRISE, is a multi-format hypermarket chain present in Mumbai, Pune, Kolhapur, Aurangabad and Bengaluru. We are also present in express format known as Star Daily in Pune. Each of our 11 hypermarket stores are spread over a large area ( 40000 – 80000 sq. ft.) and offer the entire spectrum of product categories, ranging from fresh food, grocery, apparel, general merchandise and consumer durables. We provide a range of more than 30,000 items at great prices, showcased in a modern shopping environment and backed by the strong values of the Tata Group. We also offer a wide range of services and facilities to our customers such as express counters, free wheat grinding, live bakery, free home delivery within a specified radius and for a minimum value, modern shopping environment, serviced by friendly staff and shopper friendly return policies, trial rooms and alteration facilities. Star Bazaar is a unit of Trent Hypermarket Ltd which is part of the Trent Limited, a Tata Group Company in retailing, is a Rs. 1,845 Crore enterprise with 100 stores in 38 cities across the formats like Westside, Star Bazaar and Landmark. We look forward to having you over at our stores to experience first-hand our promise and commitment to be the best for our customers at all times."
Methodex,3.6,(235 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 39 more",63 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Methodex Systems Pvt. Ltd. is one of India’s leading diversified solutions company for banks, offices and commercial establishments.Established in 1960, the company has a strong pan India presence with offices in over 75 cities in India and a strong workforce of over 700. The company deals in a wide range of physical security products, office furniture, interactive workspaces, school furniture and currency handling machines. Methodex has two state of the art manufacturing units, one at Indore and the other at Pithampur, MP and is ISO 9001:2008, ISO 14001: 2004 and OHSAS 18001:2007certified."
Zara,3.8,(235 Reviews),Private,Â Arteixo + 18 more,49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Zara SA (Spanish: [ˈθaɾa]) is a Spanish apparel retailer based in Arteixo (A Coruña) in Galicia.[4] The company specializes in fast fashion, and products include clothing, accessories, shoes, swimwear, beauty, and perfumes.[5] It is the largest company in the Inditex group,[6] the world's largest apparel retailer. Zara as of 2017 manages up to 20 clothing collections a year."
Xchanging,3.5,(235 Reviews),Public,London + 8 more,25 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Xchanging offers IT outsourcing, infrastructure including network managed services, software products and application management"
Rusan Pharma,3.3,(235 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 11 more",29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Rusan Pharma Ltd. Is a technology driven Pharmaceutical Company, specialize in critical pain management, substitution treatment, opioid de-addiction, anti- tuberculosis, psychiatric drugs and anti-infectives.RUSAN PHARMA LTD. has offices in Moscow, Kiev, Tashkent, India and Sharjah.Our Products include Apomorphine, Buprenorphine, Codeine Combinations, Eflornithine, Fentanyl, Methadone, Nalbuphine, Nalmefene, Naloxone, Naltrexone, Promedol, Tramadol, etc.We market in Europe, New Zealand, Australia, South Africa, Russia, Middle East, The CIS, South East Asia and The African countries through our own independent offices, distributors and marketing joint ventures.We are seeking Marketing partners across Europe, Latin America, Africa & Asia Pacific.We are Contract Manufacturers (CRAMS) for U.K. Pharma companies since last 10 years. Looking out for the Healthcare & Nutritional range marketing companies, across the globe for Contract Manufacturing."
Indian Immunolog...,4.1,(235 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 18 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Indian Immunologicals was setup by The National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) in 1982, as its unit, with the objective of making vaccines available to farmers at an affordable price. The unit was corporatized as Indian Immunologicals Limited in the year 1999.
IIL is the market leader in veterinary biologicals in India and operates one of the largest plants in the world for veterinary vaccines. IIL has adequate infrastructure and cold chain maintenance capabilities to reach out to the nooks and corners of India. This fexibility in logistics has ensured many products of IIL to occupy top slots in the market.
IIL started manufacturing human vaccines in 1998 at the specific request of the Government of India. IIL is the second company in the world and first in India to launch the purified Vero cell rabies vaccine (PVRV) with the brand – Abhayrab. This led to the discontinuation of use of the older and unsafe sheep brain vaccine (also termed nerve tissue vaccine – NTV) in the Country.
IIL is a major player in the human vaccine market in India, focusing on the pediatric and rabies vaccine segments. IIL is also a major supplier of pediatric vaccines to India’s large Universal Immunization Programme.
IIL pursues not only the mandate of NDDB to provide products and services to enhance the quality of livestock in the country, but also utilizes its technological capabilities for the benefit of the people."
Micro Focus,4.0,(235 Reviews),Private,"Newbury,West Berkshire + 5 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Micro Focus we help you run and transform your business. Driven by customer-centric innovation, our software provides the critical tools you need to build, operate, secure, and analyze the enterprise. By design, these tools bridge the gap between existing and emerging technologies – which means you can innovate faster, with less risk, in the race to digital transformation."
Tata Toyo Radiat...,3.7,(235 Reviews),"Pune,Maharashtra + 7 more",25 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Tata AutoComp Systems (TACO) provides products and services in the automotive industry to Indian and global customers, including Audi, Ashok Leyland, BMW, Fiat, Ford, General Motors, Honda, Hyundai, John Deere, Mahindra and Mahindra, Mercedes-Benz, Piaggio, Tata Motors, Toyota, Volkswagen and Volvo as well as many Tier I companies. Tata AutoComp operates through offices in India, Germany, China, Japan and US. The company also has 10 Global Partnership and 7 Joint Ventures with leading companies from the global auto component industry."
Groupon,3.5,(235 Reviews),Private,"Chicago,Illinois + 8 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Groupon is a place where customers can discover new experiences every day and local businesses thrive.

Strong partnerships with great local businesses are at the very heart of Groupon. These partnerships allow us to bring the best experiences and value to our customers, whether they’re looking for new things to try, taste, learn or do. 

And, by connecting our customers with our merchant partners, we create relationships between loyal, repeat customers and quality local businesses that help communities thrive."
Glenmark Life Sc...,3.7,(235 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 10 more,46 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Glenmark Life Sciences partners the world's top 20 generic companies to supply them with a wide range of high-quality, industry-leading Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs).

We have steadily built scale in our product offerings & reach. Leveraging our state-of-the-art laboratories and manufacturing locations, we supply over 130 molecules to more than 700 customers across 65 countries. From product selection & development to commercialisation, we judiciously blend science, technology and economics to stay ahead of the curve.

In highly-regulated markets, our APIs have enabled several first-to-file offerings by our customers. We have a proven ability to spot and make the most of business opportunities ahead of the competition thus giving an edge to our customers in a competitive market. Glenmark Life Sciences is an independent unit of Glenmark Pharmaceuticals, a 40 year-old integrated, research-driven, global pharmaceutical organization committed to enriching lives."
Wolters Kluwer,4.0,(235 Reviews),"Alphen Aan Den Rijn,South Holland + 10 more",187 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Wolters Kluwer is a global provider of professional information, software solutions, and services for clinicians, nurses, accountants, lawyers, and tax, finance, audit, risk, compliance, and regulatory sectors.

Our range of expert solutions combine deep domain knowledge with advanced technology and services to deliver better outcomes, analytics, and improved productivity for our customers.

Our priority is providing timely, actionable insights in an end-to-end digital environment that empowers them to make informed decisions and deliver impact when it matters most."
Essel Group,4.0,(1.6k Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 35 more,97 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"For over three decades, Essel Group has been a leading business conglomerate having diverse business presence across Media, Entertainment, Packaging, Infrastructure, Education, Precious metals, Finance and Technology sectors. We have created an impressive track record of value creation in all our businesses that compares well with their respective industry peers. Our companies strive to bring the latest innovations and the best value offerings to all our consumers in our quest to deliver the best in class. ""Faith in innovative and organized growth"" works as the guiding principle behind every business at Essel and keeps us committed to enhancing operational excellence through greater focus on innovation and efficient resource utilization. With worldwide operations and a workforce of over 10000 employees, Essel Group is growing in strength day by day.

This journey of a thousand miles began with a single step in 1926 with a commodity trading and export firm. With its ardent passion and a clear and focused vision, Essel has not only built and expanded new businesses but has built a formidable and exemplary position in all these businesses in a short span of time. Today, the Essel Group has grown to become a strong diversified entity in India and globally with presence across the entire value chain.

The Essel Group’s media business offers a strong portfolio of numerous entertainment and news channels, reaching millions of viewers in India and internationally. ZEE is considered as one of the strongest Indian Media brands across the world while the Living Entertainment Network through its 'Living' brand is devoted to showcasing healthy lifestyle and wellness programming and related content across multiple media platforms globally. Essel's print venture, DNA – an English daily, provides responsible journalism to its readers. Essel's distribution arms – Dish TV and SITI Network Limited with their vast reach across the country provides quality viewership experience to millions of subscribers and is well poised to take advantage of the mandatory digitisation of the distribution platforms in the country."
National Petrole...,4.1,(330 Reviews),Abu Dhabi + 20 more,50 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"NPCC is a world-class engineering, procurement and construction company that provides total EPC solutions to both the offshore and onshore oils and gas sector. It provides engineering procurement, project management, fabrication, installation and commissioning to project owners and operators. 

It was established in 1973 and is owned by Senaat, an Abu Dhabi garment holding company and consolidated Contractors group (CCC, An international construction group).

It has relationships with most of the Operating Companies (OPCOs), National Oil Companies (NOCs) and Internation Oil Companies (IOCs), built on its proven track record of project delivery, quality, safety and customer satisfaction.  

NPCC Engineering, provides innovative basic, detailed and offshore engineering solution, utilising the latest and most advanced design software. Its engineering services are provided a team of over 1200 engineers, based in 3 engineering centres in Abu Dhabi, Mumbai and Hyderabad."
Go First,3.1,(234 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 28 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Go Airlines (India) Ltd. is an aviation foray of the Wadia Group. It operates under the brand GoAir. In November 2005, GoAir launched its operations as a low-fare carrier to commoditize air travel and offer airline seats at a marginal premium to train fares across India. The airline currently operates over 330 daily flights across 36 destinations – 27 domestic and 9 international.

The GoAir route network spans across prominent business metros as well as key leisure destinations across the Indian subcontinent. GoAir currently renders its services at the airports in Ahmedabad, Aizawl, Bagdogra, Bengaluru, Bhubaneswar, Chandigarh, Chennai, Delhi, Goa, Guwahati, Hyderabad, Indore, Jaipur, Jammu, Kochi, Kolkata, Kannur, Leh, Lucknow, Mumbai, Nagpur, Patna, Port Blair, Pune, Ranchi, Varanasi, Singapore, Srinagar, Abu Dhabi, Bangkok, Dammam, Dubai, Kuwait, Malé, Muscat and Phuket. Through this route network GoAir ensures a smart value-for-money option for both business and leisure travellers, without compromising on either safety or service factors.

GoAir's distribution network has been well-researched. Following a thorough evaluation of the available mediums, the airline has introduced a gamut of options, specially designed to make tickets very accessible to its passengers. GoAir hosts convenient online booking options on its website www.GoAir.in wherein a passenger or his associate can book GoAir tickets anytime round the clock, 365 days a year from the comfort of their home. For those passengers who do not have a credit or a debit card or access to a web networked computer, tickets can be booked from other distribution mediums including Travel Agents or via GoAir’s Call Centres. Tickets can also be booked from GoAir airport counters.

GoAir is positioned as 'the Smart People's Airline'. Its captivating theme, 'Fly Smart' is aimed at offering passengers a consistent, quality-assured, and time-efficient service through 'pocket-friendly' fares. The airline uses a state-of-the-art Airbus A320 aircraft fleet.

GoAir executes its business model on the basic three-tier principle - 'punctuality, affordability, and convenience'. The airline has recently partnered with Navitaire, a leading technology provider of automated aviation and travel-related software solutions, for its Passenger Service System . By adopting such technology solutions, GoAir is equipped with superior process efficiency, thereby enabling its passengers to save great amount of time."
Sri Krishna Phar...,3.9,(234 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 4 more",49 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Sri Krishna Pharmaceuticals Ltd (SKPL), established in 1974, started life as a pioneer in the bulk manufacture of acetaminophen (Paracetamol) for the domestic Indian market. Today, the company is a vertically integrated bulk manufacturer of multiple first-line-of-defence APIs, PFIs and finished dosage drugs. Paracetamol is still very important to the company and the company remains one of the largest manufacturers in the world. The role of Indian bulk drug manufacturers in the global pharma supply chain has evolved greatly, with SKPL increasing its presence in the synthesis of bulk APIs, direct compression, intermediate and finished dosage products."
Jumio,4.1,(234 Reviews),Private,"Palo Alto,California + 5 more",13 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Jumio is an online mobile payments and identity verification company that provides card and ID scanning and validation products for mobile and web transactions, which they sell as ""Netverify Trusted Identity as a Service"""
NKG Infrastructu...,3.7,(234 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 30 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NKG Infrastructure Limited is one of the fastest growing Infrastructure Construction company in India. With 30 years of experience in the Industry, NKG has completed over 500 infrastructure projects in India in 15 different states across many sectors right from roads, bridges, building construction, water and sewage treatment plants, water pipelines, rainwater harvesting, construction of electric transmission distribution stations/substations to construction & operating of solar power plants and many more. Headquartered at New Delhi, we have presence in 12 states with more than 1100+ employees and 300+ professionals working with us. Our technical expertise and execution capabilities have been well-recognized by several government bodies, global institutions and leading infrastructure development authorities of India.NKG has the distinction of being listed as ‘A Grade’ contractor with multiple Govt. Departments, State Governments and Civic Agencies and enabling it with a high success rate of selection at the pre-qualification stage of projects."
L&T Realty,4.4,(234 Reviews),Mumbai + 7 more,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Pranav Vikas Ind...,3.8,(234 Reviews),"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 6 more",36 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"With over 2 decades of experience in manufacturing Aluminum Heat-exchangers like Condensers, Evaporators, Heaters, Radiators & Oil coolers, Pranav Vikas (India) Pvt. Limited (PVL), is today one of the largest and most diversified Heat-exchanger manufacturer in India. Operating out of 3 locations with each one of them focusing on specific product lines and market segments, thereby working towards excellence in the respective areas. A strong Design & Development team, together with complete Testing & Validation facilities has enabled PVL to come up with latest products for various applications and market segments. The manufacturing locations are certified to ISO/TS 16949, EMS 14001 & OHSAS 18001.A strong focus and capability development, building a culture of Challenge & Innovation and thriving for execution excellence is helping PVL to achieve its growth aspirations."
Hanon Systems,4.0,(234 Reviews),Private,Daejeon + 11 more,37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Hanon Systems is a full-line supplier of automotive thermal and energy management solutions. Products include heating ventilation and air conditioning; powertrain cooling; compressors; fluid transport; and thermal and emissions solutions for conventional and electric, hybrid, fuel cell and autonomous vehicles. The company currently employs more than 22,000 people across 21 countries at its 51 manufacturing and 23 engineering sites."
Osource India,3.4,(234 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 17 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Osource India Pvt. Ltd., one of the leading platform enabled business process management company, was set up in January 2004 in India. Osource being a global business operator focuses on integrated end-to-end outsourcing solutions and delivers transformational benefits to its clients through reduced costs, ongoing productivity improvements and process reengineering. Osource provides advanced solutions to a wide range of large, medium-sized & small sized enterprises including many leading blue-chip multinational firms/setups. Osource operates in India, Middle East, Australia and the United States, and as of March 31st, 2016, employed 2,000 +people. view brochure"
Richfeel Health ...,2.6,(234 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 32 more",37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The journey of RichFeel started with two visionaries Apoorva Shah and Sonal Shah, India’s first certified trichologists. In 1986, they ventured into the profession of hair and scalp care treatments and pioneered the science of Trichology in India. At a time when India was witnessing a revolution in health care, Apoorva and Sonal Shah chose to pioneer the RichFeel Trichology Centre, India’s first and only chain of hair and scalp clinics.Starting with a humble beginning of salon-based consulting, the focus on research, expertise and results led RichFeel to expand into a chain of hair and scalp clinics – spread all over the country and successful treatments for over a million hair lines. With the level of expertise RichFeel has, it has been the hair care partner for Femina Miss India pageant for over a decade and the preferred hair care destination of celebrities like actors, cricketers, models, stylists, designers and, common people alike."
Mantra Technolog...,4.0,(251 Reviews),LLP,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 4 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Mantra is a principled global enterprise with game-changing advancements like 500apps in B2B and Owfis in the B2C business world. As one of the few profound establishments that are purpose-driven, we aim to empower businesses and individuals to transform for the better!"
Cadbury,4.4,(233 Reviews),Private,London + 62 more,199 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Cadbury was founded almost 200 years ago when John Cadbury opened a shop in Bull Street, Birmingham in 1824.

In 1905 Cadbury launched the world-famous Dairy Milk bar – still going strong today. Cadbury & others also started making 'Countlines' – bars with other ingredients like nougat, wafer & honeycomb, covered in chocolate – think of Crunchie & Flake."
Technosoft Globa...,3.4,(233 Reviews),Private,Southfield + 7 more,27 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are a digital-first technology services firm backed by Goldman Sachs Asset Management and Everstone Capital. We specialize in accelerating business transformation and delivering human-centric digital experiences. For over 18 years, Apexon has been meeting customers wherever they are in the digital lifecycle and helping them outperform their competition through speed and innovation."
Piramal Swasthya,4.1,(233 Reviews),NGO/NPO,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 39 more",16 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Piramal Swasthya Management and Research Institute is a registered non-profit organization based in Hyderabad. Founded in 2007, Piramal Swasthya is a part of Piramal Foundation and works towards making healthcare accessible, affordable and available to all segments of the population, especially those most vulnerable."
Appsierra,4.8,(233 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 7 more",8 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Appsierra provides viable and budget-friendly services to clients since 2015. Having an experienced team of best recruits under one roof, it has proven experience to meet commitments and deliver results.

We serve smart and practice sustainable testing and development solutions for various technologies while focusing on minute details."
Mahindra Automot...,4.1,(233 Reviews),Pune + 61 more,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
GS Engineering &...,4.2,(233 Reviews),Seoul + 12 more,54 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Despite challenges in domestic and international markets, GS E&C has continually worked toward being a trusted Sustainable Global Company in the eyes of our customers, shareholders, and society. Since our foundation in 1969, we have achieved noteworthy growth in the fields of Plant, Power, Environment, Infrastructure, Buildings, and Housing.  Looking to the future we are strengthening our competency as a developer for investment projects. Our main objective is sustainable growth and on this basis we are continually working to achieve profitability in our current key businesses, while strategically fostering our next growth businesses with the aim of becoming a Global Top Tier construction company."
Indium Software,4.0,(233 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 6 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Indium Software is a leading provider of Digital Engineering solutions with deep expertise in Application Engineering, Cloud Engineering, Data and Analytics, DevOps, Digital Assurance and Gaming. 

Over the past decade, Indium has built strong relationships with over 100 clients-spanning ISVs, Global 2000 as well as born-digital companies-across North America, India, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region and with ecosystem partners such as AWS, Mendix, Striim, and Denodo.

With over 2000 associates spread across multiple delivery locations in India and at client sites, Indium makes technology work for clients, driving measurable business value."
ALTEN,3.8,(561 Reviews),Private,"Bengaluru/Bangalore,Karnataka + 8 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We acknowledge our superiority in offering solutions to various industry verticals such as aerospace, rail, automotive, telecom, and life science. We strive to provide remarkable customer experience by leveraging the vast knowledge of our experts.

From Concepts to Aftermarket Services, ALTEN India covers a plethora of services in various domains. Our services include General Engineering, Embedded, Aftermarket Support & Digital. Since its inception in 2010 with more than 3500 engineers as of today, ALTEN in India has grown to support in areas catering specifically to customers’ needs."
RedBus,4.4,(232 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 12 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"redBus was founded in 2006 in India and today is the World’s Largest Online Bus Ticketing platform. After having solved complex problems of bus customers in India, redBus also launched operations in Singapore and Malaysia in 2015 and thereafter it shortly launched operations in Latin America markets, Peru & Colombia. redBus launched Indonesia in early 2018.
redBus has globally sold over 200 million bus tickets till date and has a customer base of around 20+ million users. redBus is now part of the MakeMyTrip group (Nasdaq, MMYT) which is the largest travel aggregator in India with offerings across categories such as Flights, Hotels, Holiday Packages, etc.
The business owns three products - redBus™, redPro win™ and redBus Partner™, which come together to serve and address the fragmented bus industry across geographies. The recent launches of Ryde and redRails from redBus has strengthened it's business expansion pursuit into domains beyond just the bus booking ecosystem."
Housejoy,4.5,(232 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 15 more",9 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Housejoy is your one-stop solution to sort all your home needs ranging from construction to maintenance, quickly, professionally and conveniently. We simplify your everyday living with a variety of at-home services across 13 cities of India, delivered by verified & qualified professionals only. Housejoy’s home services include Interiors/Renovation/Construction Services, Home Cleaning, Painting, Beauty Services at Home, Appliance Repairs, Pest Control, Plumbing/Electrical/Carpentry services & a lot more. Their services are available in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Delhi, Mumbai, Gurgaon, Pune, Coimbatore, Vijayavada, Surat, Baroda, and Ahmedabad."
Chambal Fertilis...,3.9,(232 Reviews),Public,"Kota,Rajasthan + 37 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With nearly 1.2 billion population, India requires a robust, modernized agriculture sector to ensure the food security to its population. In order to meet the food grain requirements, the agricultural productivity and growth need to be sustained and further improved. It is imperative to manage fertilizers for a higher food production.

Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals Ltd. accounts for nearly 15% of the total Urea produced in the country. Since more than two decades company has contributed to the food security of the country with responsibility. Its three hi-tech nitrogenous fertiliser (urea) plants are located at Gadepan in Kota district of Rajasthan. The three plants have an installed annual production capacity of about 3.4 million MT of Urea contributing to major chunk of Urea consumed in leading agri states in India. These plants were commissioned in 1994, 1999 and 2019 respectively. These plants use state-of-the-art technology from Denmark, Italy, United States and Japan.

The Gadepan III Plant commissioned recently is a state-of-art fertilizer unit. It is among the most efficient plants in the world and uses the latest technologies from KBR, USA and Toyo Engineering Corporation, Japan. The new plant has an installed annual production capacity of about 1.4 million MT of Urea."
Ashapura Group O...,4.0,(232 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 25 more",63 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"India’s largest multi-mineral solutions providerConsolidated mineral portfolio over 9 million tons per annum Captive resources for each of the serviced mineral segments Preferred supplier of minerals & value added products to over 70 countriesOperates from 7 states in India: Gujarat, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Orissa and Rajasthan Mineral processing facilities in Belgium, Oman and Malaysia with sales & marketing offices in China and U.A.EState of the art R&D CentreStrong & tenured Human Resource base of 1,800+ employeesCommitted to Environmental & Corporate Social Responsibility best practices"
Kuehne + Nagel,4.2,(232 Reviews),Private,"Schindellegi,Feusisberg + 24 more",133 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"With over 82,000 employees at some 1,300 locations in over 100 countries, the Kuehne + Nagel Group is one of the world’s leading logistics companies. Its strong market position lies in the seafreight, airfreight, contract logistics and overland businesses, with a clear focus on high value-added segments such as IT-based integrated logistics solutions."
Tata Marcopolo M...,3.6,(232 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 10 more",78 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"Tata Motors Group (Tata Motors) is a leading global automobile manufacturing company. Its diverse portfolio includes an extensive range of cars, sports utility vehicles, trucks, buses and defense vehicles. The Tata Motors Group’s over 80,000 employees are guided by the mission “to innovate mobility solutions with passion to enhance quality of life.’"
Maxxis Rubber,3.4,(232 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 12 more",8 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"After standing decades long of years in distributorship in India, Maxxis started its own arm of business in India in 2015. The sub-company of Maxxis Group, Maxxis Rubber India Private Limited has built its first manufacturing facility in Ahmedabad, State of Gujarat. Dedicated to the manufacturing of two-wheelers tyres, the 400-million-US-dollar investment factory is only the first step of Maxxis’s full range appearance in the grand country"
Gujarat Ambuja E...,3.9,(232 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 25 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Gujarat Ambuja Exports Limited (GAEL) is principally involved in agro-processing and has focus on exports and indigenous market, catering to food, pharmaceutical & feed industry, competing in the domestic and global market. The Mission: We render Ingredients to various Food, Pharma and Animal Nutrition Industries Globally. By persistent adaptation of contemporary technology and International Quality Standards we are focused on Nurturing and sustainably strengthening the entire Ingredients Supply Chain in a secured and Responsible manner. At Gujarat Ambuja Exports Limited, Quality is a state of mind."
Ensure Support S...,4.0,(232 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 40 more",10 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Ensure Services, formerly Redington Support Services, is a premier technology services organization that offers a wide range of technology services to Consumers, Retailers, SMEs and Enterprises across the Middle East, Africa and CIS geographies. It is a 100% owned subsidiary of Redington Gulf and has been chosen as the authorized service partner for over 22 leading technology brands spanning hundreds of products.These brands encompass computers, laptops, printers, mobile phones, consumer electronics and IT infrastructure equipment.Ensure Services has the largest and most extensive service networks across the region and provides end to end technology services for various IT, Telecom and Consumer Electronics products. Along with it"
National Enginee...,4.0,(231 Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 16 more",77 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"National Engineering Industries Ltd. manufactures a wide range of bearings for automotive, industrial, railways and for general applications under the brand name NBC. NEI was founded in the year 1946 as a pioneer industry in the field of bearing manufacture. it currently manufactures nearly 100 million bearings per annum in over 1000 different sizes ranging from 6 mm bore to 1300 mm outer diameter and having capability to manufacture bearing upto 2000 mm diameter. NEI is one India's largest domestic bearings manufacturer with gross annual turnover of Rs. 1352.2 Cr in 2013-14. The company exports bearings to more than 27 countries and is also exporting to OEMs in Europe and USA. NEI has grown at a CAGR of 17% since 2008-09."
VDA Infosolution...,3.5,(231 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 20 more",13 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"VDA Infosolutions Pvt. Ltd.,( VIPL) is a true System Integrator and Infrastructure Service provider to offer multi- platform, vendor independent IT solutions to meet their business requirements. In short period VIPL won major customer orders based on innovative approach and better ROI and won major prestigious awards in various categories and is one of the fastest growing organization in this space"
BCD Travel,4.0,(231 Reviews),Private,"Utrecht,Utrecht + 9 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"BCD Travel helps companies make the most of what they spend on travel. We give travelers innovative tools that keep them safe and productive, and help them make good choices on the road. We partner with travel and procurement leaders to simplify the complexities of business travel, drive savings and satisfaction, and move whole companies toward their goals. In short, we help our clients travel smart and achieve more. We make this happen in 109 countries with almost 13,800 creative, committed and experienced people. And it’s how we maintain the industry’s most consistent client retention rate, with 2018 sales of US$27.1 billion. For more information, visit www.bcdtravel.com."
L. N. Malviya In...,3.9,(231 Reviews),Private,"Bhopal,Madhya Pradesh + 64 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),L. N. Malviya Infra Projects Group Pvt. Ltd. Bhopal comprising a cluster of five wholly owned subsidiary constituted as a civil engineering multi-disciplined consultancy organization with the aim of participating in the infrastructure development of the Nation by providing professional engineering consultancy services.
Conviction HR,4.7,(231 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 8 more,11 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"passionate and experienced search professionals. Our objective-focused solutions are thus able to compliment the solid rise and eminence of start-ups, established businesses and enterprises. The team at Convictions is trained to deliver relevant profiles within tight deadlines.

Founded in the year 2012, conviction provides you with Human Resource Solutions that are well researched. Our placement services are worked upon in tandem with state of the art technology and a proactive team of expert headhunters. In today’s human resource global community our name comes as a bankable source of opportunity and talent providers, so that your company reaps optimum harvests of profit by resting the right jobs on right shoulders."
Symbiotec Pharma...,3.9,(231 Reviews),Private,"Indore,Madhya Pradesh + 5 more",29 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"A Steroid-Hormone APIs Manufacturer in India, we offer the unique proposition of providing Steroid-Hormone API Solutions with regulatory support matching ‘Western Standards’ with ‘Asian Cost Advantage’.Symbiotec has two manufacturing facilities in Indore, Central India, which have been built over the last decade to conform to cGMP regulations and compete with the best in the world in terms of infrastructure and technological capabilities."
S2 Infotech,3.2,(231 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 43 more",18 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"S2 Infotech International Ltd (S2IIL) - formerly known as S2 Infotech Pvt Ltd., is an ISO Certified & CMMI Level 5 and PCMM Level 3, global software & solutions company that is driven by the simple yet powerful tenet of providing ‘total customer satisfaction’. S2 Infotech is an ISO 9001 firm with offices across India & U.A.E. S2 Infotech is a Next-Generation HR services provider, founded in the year 2005 in Mumbai, India. We provide a bouquet of services including RPO Solutions; Search, Selection & Staff Augmentation; HR Process Outsourcing, Learning & Development and Managed Services. In the time we have spent in the industry, we have acquired valuable expertise and knowledge and enlarged our employee base to over 1500. Currently, we have offices in all major Indian metropolises. We at S2 form an invaluable connection among employees, organisations and our vendors."
P.D. Hinduja Nat...,4.0,(231 Reviews),NGO/NPO,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 6 more",72 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in the early 1950's under the leadership of the late Shri P.D. Hinduja, our vision is to deliver quality healthcare. As an ultramodern tertiary care hospital in Mumbai, India we are motivated to lead the pathway to medical excellence with world-class healthcare treatments and services.

From introducing the best in international healthcare to India to pioneering in application of technology, our commitment towards excellence can be affirmed by over 13 million patients we have treated and the accolades achieved in our journey to achieve 'Quality Healthcare for All'."
Philips Innovati...,4.1,(231 Reviews),Public,Amsterdam + 8 more,25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We focus on value creation for people and businesses. We have an integrated approach to work, called co-create, which incorporates all of the traditional design skills plus the new design-related skills needed to respond to the complexity and challenges of today."
Vidal Health Tpa,3.9,(231 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 34 more,13 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Vidal Health Insurance TPA Pvt Ltd was established in March 2002 with the mission to provide top quality TPA services to Health Insurance policyholders and be the most preferred TPA in India. We are licensed by IRDA (Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority - License No. 016) and have been empanelled by leading insurance companies, both public sector and private, across different regions of the country."
IKEA,4.2,(231 Reviews),Private,Delft + 11 more,80 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"IKEA is a global leader in life at home. Founded in Sweden in 1943, IKEA is now a worldwide retailer of affordable, well-designed products and solutions for every room in your home. Our values and optimism are shared with millions of co-workers and customers around the world. Along with our desire to champion sustainable living, responsible sourcing, and communities in need of support."
SUEZ Environneme...,4.0,(467 Reviews),Private,"Paris,Ile De France + 27 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"For over 160 years, SUEZ has accompanied the great revolutions of our societies, at the service of human progress. From the construction of the Suez Canal through the revolutions of hygiene and public health, urban comfort and currently the resource, our solutions and technologies have accompanied cities and industries to meet the challenges of urban and demographic growth. Through the testimony of employees and archive footage, discover the history of the company."
Infosys Consulti...,3.8,(272 Reviews),Zurich + 22 more,19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Infosys Consulting is a global management consulting firm helping some of the world’s most recognizable brands transform and innovate. Our consultants are industry experts that lead complex change agendas driven by disruptive technology.  With offices in 20 countries and backed by the power of the global Infosys brand, our teams help the C-suite navigate today’s digital landscape to win market share and create shareholder value for lasting competitive advantage."
Ingersoll Rand,4.2,(258 Reviews),Public,"Dublin,Dublin + 19 more",51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Our success is enabled by the commitment and dedication of our employees globally.  With our focus on a progressive, diverse and inclusive culture, growth through innovation in emerging markets and services and operational excellence, we are a company that achieves real progress for our customers around the world.
Our workplace emphasizes the values of Integrity, Respect, Teamwork, Innovation and Courage. To help our employees grow, we believe it's vital to strengthen their engagement and develop their skills and leadership capabilities. Our Brand Promise, Vision and Values are the language that unifies us as an organization and creates a common purpose: advancing the quality of life by creating and sustaining safe, comfortable and efficient environments."
Tally Solutions,4.4,(232 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 45 more",37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are a technology & innovation company. Delivering business software for Small and Medium Businesses (SMB's) is our passion.
What sets a company apart is as much in its DNA as its achievements. Today, three decades since it was founded, Tally's product caters to millions of users across industries in over 100 countries. Our robust network of 28000+ partners deliver unmatched customer experience in sales, support and services. With a strong research and development division, Tally strives to deliver innovation and excellence in enterprise resource planning software for small and medium businesses."
Aurionpro Soluti...,4.0,(230 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Businesses are on overdrive to gain dominance in a Future Perfect Digital World that is being driven by the Digital Consumer. The digital consumer is empowered beyond your ability to market and service them in traditional ways.

How do you embrace the power of digital experience, wrap around the customer, and gain control of their digital future? How do you secure your enterprise and build reliability to your brand when your customer’s digital footprint goes beyond your firewalls into cloud and mobile?

Aurionpro can help Maximize revenue, intensify loyalties and enhance efficiencies for you."
Fenesta Building...,4.2,(230 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 39 more",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are India's largest windows and doors brand, and a part of DCM Shriram, the 131-year old group acknowledged for its transparent work culture and diversity. Established only about a decade ago, Fenesta today boasts of sales and service presence in more than 200 cities through twenty sales offices, four factories, nine Signature Studios, more than 100 dealer showrooms and a strong direct sales force of more than 300 executives."
ABM Knowledgewar...,3.7,(230 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 26 more,30 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ABM KNOWLEDGEWARE LTD. (ABM), IT Software and Services Company (BSE 531161 ) is one of the few IT companies in India with an exclusive focus on e-Governance since 1998. We are in this business for the past 20+ years and are one of the few private sector companies with a long and a proven track record.
ABM is a frontrunner in enabling e-government in India with several successfully sustained projects. ABM’s various e-governance solutions delivered 40+ million Citizen Services last year compared to 4.2 Million in 2010 and growing. Several states have selected ABM for the state-wide rollout of crucial citizen-facing projects where we competed with reputed MNCs and Indian IT firms."
Runwal Group,3.9,(230 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 5 more",45 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"The Mumbai based Runwal Group was established in 1978. Four decades later, the group has a huge portfolio that comprises of over 65 projects and millions of square feet. The group has brought smiles to more than 25,000 happy families across all corners of Mumbai. Apart from residential projects, the group is also a pioneer in the mall development and is well known for its iconic projects – R City and R Mall in Mumbai.The latest in its repertoire of superlative residences are three premium lifestyle projects -- Runwal Greens, Runwal Bliss, Runwal Forests & Runwal Pinnacle located in the central suburbs of Mumbai and Runwal Gardens in Dombivli. Each project is spread across a large expanse with huge open green spaces and premium amenities, fulfilling the dream of every home-buyer to live in the lap of nature away from hustle and bustle even while being in the city."
GTL,4.4,(230 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 34 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GTL Limited, BSE: 500160 a Global Group Enterprise, is a Network Services company based in Navi Mumbai. Its India's largest network services provider to the world. Their deal with Reliance Communications fell through in the year 2010."
Brigade Group,4.2,(230 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 7 more",37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are one of India’s leading property developers with over three decades of expertise in building positive experiences for all our stakeholders and winning customer’s trust. Instituted in 1986, we have developed many landmark buildings and transformed the city skyline of cities across South India namely: - Bengaluru, Mysuru, Mangaluru, Hyderabad, Chennai and Kochi with developments across Residential, Offices, Retail, Hospitality and Education Sectors.

Brigade’s residential portfolio includes villas, villaments, penthouses, premium residences, luxury apartments, value homes, urban studios, independent living for seniors and mixed-use lifestyle enclaves and townships. Brigade is among the few developers who also enjoys a reputation of developing Grade A commercial properties. We are the license owners of the World Trade Center across South India, Our commercial spaces have top international clients operating out of them. Brigade’s retail projects include Orion Mall, Orion East and Orion OMR. Brigade’s hospitality offerings include star hotels, recreational clubs and convention centres, Celebrations Catering & Events and The Baking Company. Since its inception in 1986, Brigade has completed over 250 buildings amounting to 66 million sq. ft of developed space in residential, offices, retail and hospitality sectors across 7 cities.

Brigade assures best-in-class design and top-of-the-line facilities that exude elegance and sophistication. Our residential projects offer a wide range of luxury apartments, penthouses, villaments, senior living homes and award winning, fully integrated lifestyle enclaves. Our commercial segment has seen consistent growth over the last few years and has Grade A commercial spaces, which are operational across south India with over 5 mn. sqft. of commercial spaces under development. The hospitality segment has reached a critical mass of 1000 keys that are presently operational and is all poised to scale up by another 1000 keys in the next couple of years."
People Tech Grou...,3.3,(230 Reviews),Private,Redmond + 6 more,17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"People Tech Group was founded in 2006 in The Greater Seattle Area, and has gradually evolved into a pioneer in the Enterprise Applications and IT Services space. People Tech draws its expertise from strategic partnerships with technology leaders like Microsoft, Oracle, Peoplesoft, SAP, ServiceNow, Amazon, Cisco. Such expertise combined with increasingly enriching skillset of its workforce makes People Tech the tech giant it is. To deliver uncompromising quality of services and offerings, People Tech has established dedicated Centres of Excellence for each of its service areas, ranging from Cloud Applications to Mobile Solutions and Business Intelligence, to name a few. All these efforts came together in defining People Tech Group as a technology corporate that delivers outstanding solutions to its customers by leveraging its People and Technology. With its workforce exceeding 1200 people and a commendable global footprint of 11 GDCs across 3 continents, People Tech Group has expanded its service offerings across all major & emerging technology areas, ranging namely from Application Development, Cloud Services, ERP Technologies to DW/BI Services, DevOps, IoT and Digital Transformation etc."
Deenanath Manges...,4.2,(230 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 6 more",22 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital & Research Centeris a charitable, multi-specialty hospital located in the heart of Pune, India. Founded in 2001, today it is one of the largesthospital in Pune, with 800 beds. Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital offers state-of-the-art diagnostic, therapeutic and intensive care facilities in a one-stop medical center. The Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital is beautifully designed, having a central atrium with four wings built around it. It is a 800-bed hospital with 12 operation theaters, a sophisticated ICU, blood bank, a digital radiology unit, a kidney transplant unit, and many other facilities. It has some of the best equipment for diagnostics as well as treatment, and is staffed by some of the finest medical and administrative personnel available in Pune. We are Pioneers in EMS in India, EMS with Cardiac & Trauma Ambulances. Great attention is given to the needs of the patients and their relatives. It is a truly multispecialty hospital, providing super-specialty care in cancer, voice disorders, cardiology and cardiothoracic surgery, gastroenterology, Joint Replacement, Urology, Nephrology and Neurology."
Henkel Adhesives...,4.4,(230 Reviews),Private,"Düsseldorf,North Rhine-Westphalia + 15 more",33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Henkel operates globally with a well-balanced and diversified portfolio. The company holds leading positions with its three business units in both industrial and consumer businesses thanks to strong brands, innovations and technologies. Founded in 1876, Henkel looks back on more than 140 years of success. Henkel’s preferred shares are listed in the German stock index DAX. The DAX-30 company has its headquarters in Düsseldorf, Germany. Henkel employs more than 52,000 people worldwide, around 85 percent of whom work outside of Germany. As a recognized leader in sustainability, Henkel holds top positions in many international ratings and rankings."
ANAROCK Property...,4.0,(230 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 19 more",6 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The ANAROCK Group is India's leading specialised real estate services company with diversified interests across the real estate value chain. Our Group Chairman, Anuj Puri, is highly-respected industry veteran and India’s most prominent thought leader in the real estate domain. He has over 30 years' expertise in leveraging Indian and global real estate opportunities.

ANAROCK Group’s key strategic business units are Residential Broking & Advisory, Retail, Investment Banking, Hospitality, Land Services, Warehousing, Industrial & Logistics, Investment Management and Strategic Advisory & Valuations. ANAROCK's growing business teams’ account for over 1800 real estate specialists with operations across all major Indian markets and dedicated services in Dubai. ANAROCK has formed strategic business alliance with global partners - HVS | ANAROCK to bring global best practices in Hospitality Consulting Services. We also have a global footprint with over 80,000 preferred channel partners and affiliates in US and UK market."
Ashiana Housing,4.1,(229 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 13 more",44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The story of Ashiana is a saga of unabated growth and path breaking steps. It was the only Indian real estate company to be recognized by Forbes as Asia's 200 Best Under A Billion. For more than 40 years, Ashiana has built and delivered over 220 Lac sq. ft. of residential and commercial space in New Delhi, Bhiwadi, Neemrana, Jaipur, Jodhpur, Jamshedpur, Lavasa, Kolkata & Chennai. More importantly, we have moved more than 14500 families to our facilities and have established ourselves as a company that provides quality of construction, safety of investment and integrity of commitment. Today, this philosophy is driving Ashiana in every step of our operations and move into the future with lots of promise and aspirations."
Allcargo Logisti...,4.1,(229 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 32 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Allcargo Logistics Ltd. is a logistics company headquartered in India. Its services comprise global Multimodal Transport Operations (LCL, FCL and air services), pan India CFS & ICD operations, Project Forwarding & Crane Rental, E-commerce logistics, Ship Owning and Contract logistics. With extensive global network and strategic international engagements, it operates across 164 countries through 301 offices. Allcargo Logistics is one of India's largest publicly listed logistics companies. With the acquisition of ECU Worldwide, it is one of the largest LCL service providers in the world. Led by the visionary Executive Chairman Mr. Shashi Kiran Shetty and managed by experienced professionals, Allcargo Logistics through its benchmarked quality standards, standardized processes, operational excellence and world class facilities, is a global market leader in integrated logistics."
Harman Finochem,3.7,(229 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 8 more",16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Harman Finochem Limited is a professionally managed independent company engaged in manufacturing of Active Pharmaceutical ingredients (API's) and chemical intermediates. The company was established way back in 1983 by Bhupinder Singh Manhas, the CMD of the company."
Stellar Value Ch...,3.6,(229 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 28 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Stellar Value Chain Solutions Pvt Ltd was formed with the vision to bring disruptive change in the Indian Supply Chain Landscape through ‘Value Chain Transformation’. Stellar aims to unlock value for its customers across the entire Value Chain, encompassing supply as well as demand chain."
SOLAR INDUSTRIES...,3.9,(229 Reviews),Public,"Nagpur,Maharashtra + 23 more",28 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Founded by visionary Shri Satyanarayan Nandlal Nuwal, Solar Group has evolved from a single site manufacturing company in 1995 to a globally recognised Industrial Explosives manufacturer today.With our extensive experience, expertise and potential founded on our years of experience in the Industrial Explosives segment, we have entered into Defence and setup one of the world’s most integrated facilities for Ammunition.Our innovation edge is rooted in a strategic blend of talented manpower and technological prowess. We bank on our rich experience to create sustainable value and intend to accelerate towards excellence at an impressive pace.We employ a comprehensive suite of robust best practice policies, and are committed to the safety, health, and wellbeing of our people, communities and the environment."
Wartsila,4.5,(229 Reviews),Private,Helsinki + 31 more,189 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Wärtsilä is a global leader in smart technologies and complete lifecycle solutions for the marine and energy markets. By emphasising sustainable innovation, total efficiency and data analytics, Wärtsilä maximises the environmental and economic performance of the vessels and power plants of its customers. In 2019, Wärtsilä’s net sales totalled EUR 5.2 billion with approximately 19,000 employees. The company has operations in over 200 locations in more than 80 countries around the world. Wärtsilä is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki."
SLMG Beverages,3.9,(229 Reviews),Lucknow + 24 more,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Tata BlueScope S...,3.7,(228 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 23 more",21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Organisation Tata BlueScope Steel is an equal joint venture between Tata Steel and BlueScope Steel, Australia. The company operates in the SAARC region in the field of coated steel, steel building solutions and related building products.  Its Coated Steel Business manufactures and supplies 55% Al-Zn Alloy coated ZINCALUME® steel and pre-painted COLORBOND® steel for building and construction industry. The company has a state-of-the-art coated steel manufacturing plant at Jamshedpur with an annual metal coating capacity of 250,000 t and a paint line capacity of 150,000 t. The plant is accredited with ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 certifications - a testimony to its quality and performance.  Tata BlueScope Steel’s core values are Safety, Trust, Human Dignity and Excellence. The company consistently works towards “Creating Your New World in Steel""."
Kirby Building S...,3.8,(228 Reviews),Private,Kuwait City + 23 more,25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Kirby Building Systems is a manufacturing company specialising in Pre-engineered buildings. It was established in 1976 and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Alghanim Industries.[1] Kirby has manufacturing facilities in Kuwait, Ras Al Khaimah, Hyderabad, Haridwar and Vietnam with a production capacity of over 400,000 MT per year.[2] It is certified to ISO 9001 quality standard and has sales offices in 70 countries.[1]"
Rosmerta Technol...,3.0,(228 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 46 more,17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Rosmerta Technologies Ltd. is a young, zestful and vibrant company that represents the modern age companies in India. The company believes in innovation, agility, new opportunities and outstanding execution skills. Rosmerta has only one focus area- to add Shareholder Value through superior Return on Capital, accompanied with free cash generation. Engaged in the business of applying smart card-based technology to various paper-based applications that affect the common man in his daily life, Rosmerta enforces tested technologies to uncover new and innovative fields of application that simplify the lives of people across the nation. With a widespread presence, Rosmerta is by far the largest player for e-governance and transport solutions in India. In its short history, Rosmerta has been able to win prestigious projects for issuing Hybrid Optical Strip Smart Card Technology-based Vehicle Registration Certificates (""VRCs"") and Driving Licence (""DLs"") to different states of India. Successful implementation of these projects with near-flawless execution - almost 35 million VRCs/DLs issued/supplied, bear testimony to Rosmerta's outstanding multi-mode capabilities, ranging from winning business to successfully executing, all within reasonable cost and time. Rosmerta operates from 300 nationwide locations, giving it a national footprint that further enhances its appeal to its customers."
Kutchina,3.9,(228 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 43 more",20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Established in 2003, Kutchina is the leading kitchen appliances brand in India. As India’s complete kitchen solution brand, we are doing more than the kitchen, we believe we are shaping and transforming ideas for living across a million homes, This belief forms our core , our purpose and defined everything we do- from foraying into newer products and segments to introducing newer, more efficient technologies for ever a decade

A pioneer in kitchen chimneys brand & the first to have introduced auto clean technology, Now it has been developed to I-Auto clean chimneys– A chimney equipped with an intelligent system that not only understand the user cooking style but also time constraints . The I-auto clean chimneys therefore sets self cleaning schedule as per cooking frequency and cleans itself s without even the touch of button.

The company has stormed the Indian kitchen industry with this world class technology, It is this eye on the future that helped us to pioneer India’s first Auto clean chimney and it continues to inspire us to innovate every day.

Currently, Kutchina boasts about its customer base with 300 + distributors & 4000+ dealers – spread all over the country. We are also associated with top brands like PS Group , Mani Group and Govt institution which holds substantial value in the market."
Hitachi Vantara,3.8,(228 Reviews),Private,Santa Clara + 8 more,5 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hitachi Vantara in India

Hitachi Data Systems (HDS) India was established in 2004. In 2017, HDS became Hitachi Vantara. In 2019, Hitachi Vantara & Hitachi Consulting integrate to accelerate global expansion of Hitachi’s Social Innovation business and digital growth.

Hitachi Vantara India aims to become our customer’s partner of choice in their DX journey and adoption of hybrid IT which pans across from edge-to-core to multi-cloud environment. Becoming data-driven is a foundational goal for most digital transformation initiatives. When it comes to hybrid or multi-cloud environment, 
Hitachi Vantara offers an end-to-end solution starting from traditional infrastructure, which goes all the way to edge modernization, data center modernization to application modernization. 

Our Business
 
Data is at the heart of business change and growth. As the pace of digitization accelerates, every industry is racing to become data-driven; every enterprise is embracing the cloud at breakneck speed. EG research tells us that 59% of organizations are using data to drive revenue, because they see the enormous opportunity it can give them.  

And that’s where we come in. At Hitachi Vantara, we’re turning organizations into data-driven leaders equipped to deliver a positive impact on their future success – and on society.  

Our rich history and impressive digital capabilities give us a powerful, competitive edge. We’re able to do so much more to meet our customers’ needs, wherever they are on their cloud journey. Supporting them with a consistent, automated and modern approach, we’re driving resilient, reliable, secure, high-performance products, solutions and services. Our capabilities and portfolio will accelerate Hitachi’s global digital growth and increase the economic, environmental and social impact we have on the world around us.  

Our People

We offer an extraordinary working environment that feels boutique and friendly, with 11,000 colleagues in 83 countries. In India we have over 3,500 employees, one third of our global manpower. With over 2,200 engineers in India alone, we are a people centred organization with robust capabilities across our diverse employee population. 

Bold and proud of our innovative, ethical heritage, we’re elevated by the Hitachi Spirit of harmony, sincerity and pioneering ambition. Flexible and collaborative, we understand that diversity of thought is critical to our success. We want you to be you, with all the ideas, lived experience and fresh perspective that brings."
Amartex Industri...,4.4,(228 Reviews),Public,Panchkula + 16 more,35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Amartex is fully integrated manufacturing company with a balance manufacturing and marketing. All products rolling out of our premises find their way to every nook & corner in the region through company owned retail outlets. The weaving unit, the dyeing section, the drying area wherever you look quality makes its presence felt. Strict adherence to International quality standards is followed religiously at our manufacturing units.

Amartex was brought under existence in 1988, by Grover family, a team of competent promoters with more than two decades of experience in manufacturing and marketing of textile products. The management of the Company comprises of an appropriate mix of qualified and competent (Directors and Managerial Staff. The Company has flourished under the able and dynamic guidance of Mr. Arun Grover, Managing Director. The Company has grown to be one of the best competitive companies in the apparel and textile sector with a large employee and an impressive client base. 

The Company has complete in-house facilities such as Dyeing Units, processing Units, Garment Units, Design Studio and even its own Retail Outlets. This ensures cost effective products and a ready cash flow for the Company. Professional staff and optimum use of technologies enable us to provide high quality at competitive prices to the consumers, a state-of-the-art research and development center ensures quality in all products that roll out to the end users. In fact, it would be just right to say that we have “Redefined the value of Money""."
Celebi NAS Airpo...,4.3,(228 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 5 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"As Çelebi Aviation Holding, we are dedicated to providing excellent ground handling services along with our ancillary products.

Çelebi stepped into the aviation industry with the establishment of Çelebi Ground Handling in 1958 as Turkey's first privately-owned ground handling services company. Today, it stands out as one of the most successful examples of integrated services in the Turkish Civil Aviation industry offering Ramp, Passenger, Cargo Handling, Warehouse Management, Bridge Operations, Trucking, General Aviation, Airport Lounge Management and Premium Services.

With over 13.000 dedicated employees, Çelebi continues to operate on 2 continents, in 4 countries, at 40 stations. Our ambition is to expand our geographic coverage into more developing markets, while providing rewarding employment pportunities to a growing family of colleagues around the world and meeting service needs of our partners."
Dainik Jagran,3.8,(228 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 48 more",81 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Jagran Prakashan Ltd (JPL)is India’s leading media and communications group, with its main interests across Newspapers, Outdoor, Internet, Magazines, Below the Line marketing solutions, and Mobile Value Added Services."
Maxop Engineerin...,4.1,(228 Reviews),"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 7 more",20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,Leading Precision Die Casting Unit & Complete Machining Solution Provider for Aluminium Die Casting Components
Rieter,3.9,(228 Reviews),Private,"Khandala,Punjab + 7 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Rieter is the world’s leading supplier of systems for short-staple fiber spinning. Based in Winterthur (Switzerland), the company develops and manufactures machinery, systems and components used to convert natural and manmade fibers and their blends into yarns. Rieter is the only supplier worldwide to cover spinning preparation processes as well as all four end spinning processes currently established on the market. With the acquisition of SSM Textile Machinery in mid-2017, the company invested in related areas of the textile value chain, thereby expanding its portfolio. With 16 manufacturing locations in ten countries, the company employs a global workforce of some 4 620, about 20% of whom are based in Switzerland. Rieter is a strong brand with a long tradition. Since it was established in 1795, Rieter’s innovative momentum has been a powerful driving force for progress in the spinning mill industry. Products and systems are ideally tailored to customer needs and mostly produced in the markets where the customers are located.
With a global sales and service organization and a strong presence in the core markets China and India, Rieter as market leader is well positioned in the global competitive environment. For the benefit of shareholders, customers and employees, Rieter aspires to achieve sustained growth in enterprise value. With this in mind, Rieter seeks to maintain continuous growth in sales and profitability, primarily through organic growth, but also through strategic alliances and acquisitions.
The company comprises three business groups: Machines & Systems, Components and After Sales."
Resurgent India,4.7,(228 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 9 more,18 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are a growing Investment Bank and a SEBI registered Category I Merchant Bank. We are also a certified company under ISO 9001:2015. We offer services in the lines of Mergers & Acquisitions, Private Equity, Debt Solutions, Structured Finance, Capital Market Solutions, Transaction Advisory, Valuations, Enterprise Risk and Tax Services, Training etc.

We advise clients in all aspects of finance and our expertise lies in the areas of debt, equity and transaction advisory. The firm rests on its strong and professional leadership that has an in-depth understanding of key business drivers. Our management excels in domain knowledge, capital syndication alternatives with remarkable transaction execution capabilities and have established network with leading private equity funds, banks & financial institutions. We offer independent advice on debt & capital raising, mergers & acquisition, financial reconstructing, valuation and due diligence for our clients."
Mitsuba Sical,3.7,(228 Reviews),Public,Michigan + 13 more,26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"In the quickly changing automotive market, we globally provide products that respond to people’s safety needs through our “motor, control, and mechanism” technologies. Our core products are electrical components for 4-wheeled vehicles. The skills and technologies are also applied to motorcycle components, nursing care equipment, and car accessories."
IMSI,3.3,(228 Reviews),Private,"Dehradun,Uttarakhand + 34 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IMSI (India) Pvt. Ltd. is a professional services and staffing firm, with offices in Bangalore, Gurgaon, Pune, Ahmedabad and Dehradun since 1995. IMSI people are selected for their ability to create client value. Because of its reputation, IMSI attracts career-minded people who look for opportunity and growth. We have amassed significant expertise and resources which are applied to new projects."
Sahyadri Hospita...,4.1,(228 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 3 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sahyadri Hospitals ( www.sahyadrihospital.com ) currently has 8 Hospitals with 900 beds. Currently we have more than 1000 clinicians along with 2300 supporting staff and 50 lacs lives touched. Sahyadri Hospital leads in Neurosciences, Haematology, Oncology & Oncosurgery, Cardiology & Cardiothoracic Surgery, Orthopaedics & Joint Replacements, Liver Transplant, General Surgery, IVF, Paediatrics, ENT , Ophthalmology, Nephrology, Urology and Tissue engineering services. The Sahyadri Hospital Network consists of:Sahyadri Super Speciality Hospital Deccan Gymkhana Sahyadri Super Speciality Hospital HadapsarSahyadri Super Speciality Hospital Nagar RoadSahyadri Hospital Bibwewadi Sahyadri Hospital Kothrud Sahyadri Super Specialty Hospital Karad Surya Sahyadri Hospital Kasba Peth Sahyadri Super Speciality Hospital Nashik"
Gainwell Commosa...,4.1,(228 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 42 more",79 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are creating and delivering outstanding value with integrated solutions and service excellence - wherever, whenever since 1944. GCPL is committed to excellence in customer experience through its team of dedicated & engaged employees who are constantly driven by the values of the organization. We are a major supplier of Caterpillar Construction, Mining and Power Solutions. Our comprehensive range of products encompasses Wheel Loaders, Vibratory Soil Compactor and Generator Set. Our ﬁrm allegiance to be a pivotal entity in country's infrastructure development has established us as highly technically innovative and reliable enterprise. With the support of highly authentic vendor base, we are oﬀering highly robust, eﬃcient and user-friendly machinery to our customers at market-leading rates. We have surpassed our competitors through our execution of a high-end infrastructure system, thus enabling us to feed the multifarious demands of the market. Our extensive warehousing facility is fully equipped with progressive technology for making timely delivery of products. Moreover, with the employment of diligent professionals, we are fulﬁlling precise needs of customers with enhanced capability. We have gained huge customer network across the nation through our one-stop solution provider approach for mining and constructions projects."
Nettur Technical...,4.1,(227 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 32 more",60 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"NTTF - an educational foundation established in the year 1963 - is the living symbol of Indo-Swiss co-operation; aimed at promoting purposeful Technical Education for the youth of India. The seed was put in place at Thalassery (Kerala), in the year 1959. In its mission, the Foundation was actively supported with generous assistance from the Government of Switzerland, HEKS (a Swiss NGO), and Swiss Development Co-operation (a development agency in Switzerland). The Government of India and the State Governments also extended their support. The Foundation implements its program of Technical Training through more than 20 Training Centres located in various States across India. NTTF assists industries, through its special collaborative initiative for producing quality manpower, by establishing training centres in partnership with industry associations. NTTF is an ISO 9001 Certified institution"
Red Hat,4.6,(227 Reviews),Private,"Raleigh,North Carolina + 6 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Red Hat is the world’s leading provider of enterprise open source solutions, using a community-powered approach to deliver high-performing Linux, cloud, container, and Kubernetes technologies. Spread across 40+ countries, our associates have the flexibility to choose the work environment that suits their needs from in-office to fully remote to office-flex. 

Red Hatters are encouraged to bring their best ideas, no matter their title or tenure. We're a leader in open source because of our open and inclusive environment. We hire creative, passionate people ready to contribute their ideas, help solve complex problems, and make an impact. Opportunities are open. Join us."
Bharat Aluminium...,4.1,(227 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 9 more",58 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"BALCO was incorporated in year 1965 as the first Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) in India and since then it has been closely associated with the Indian Industrial Growth, in a pivotal role. In 2001 Govt. of India disinvested 51% shares of Bharat Aluminium Company Limited (BALCO) to Sterlite Industries Limited a subsidiary of Vedanta Limited."
National Fertili...,4.2,(227 Reviews),Public,Noida + 20 more,49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NFL, a Schedule ‘A’ & a Mini Ratna (Category-I) Company, having its registered office at New Delhi was incorporated on 23rd August 1974. Its Corporate Office is at NOIDA (U.P). It has an authorized capital of Rs. 1000 crore and a paid up capital of
Rs. 490.58 crore out of which Government of India’s share is 74.71 % and 25.29 % is held by financial institutions & others.."
Western Refriger...,4.2,(227 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 27 more",51 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The largest manufacturer of commercial refrigeration equipment in India. Western Refrigeration Pvt. Ltd. came into existence in 1972 by our founder Chairman Mr. Bhupinder Singh. We first started as a trading company, incorporating and supplying air-conditioning and refrigeration parts to large companies in our industry."
Excitel Broadban...,3.8,(227 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 24 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are obsessed to transform the way young Indians experience entertainment over internet at home.

We are connected to over 3,00,000 homes and we are growing fast, very fast!
Our uber cool network design team keeps the hustle going- all the way from Europe! They know all the ropes when it comes to giving you the best internet experience thanks to their knowledge of the Internet ecosystem!

We are in it to win it! With the top ISP’s on our side, our operations team loves to aim high and has overseen the evolution of Broadband in India like never before. With LIT knowledge and resources at hand, our team has all it takes to roll out seamless networks all throughout the country."
RelianceSMART.in,4.2,(227 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 98 more,17 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Reliance Fresh and Smart makes your grocery shopping even simpler. No more hassles of sweating it out in crowded markets, grocery shops & supermarkets - now shop from the comfort of your home office or on the move.

We offer you convenience of shopping everything that you need for your home - be it fresh fruits & vegetables, rice, dals, oil, packaged food, dairy item, frozen, pet food, household cleaning items & personal care products from a single virtual store."
Narayana e-Techn...,3.9,(227 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 32 more,11 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Narayana Group is one of Asia’s largest educational conglomerates where over 30,000 teaching and non-teaching faculty provide world class education for more than 3,80,000 students. Spread across 13 states in India, the Narayana family is home to a flourishing academia with 200 schools, 400 junior colleges and 25 professional colleges. We also run full fledged institutes for civil services, coaching centres and correspondence to address the vocational goals of career-oriented students.

Today, the Narayana Group stands tall and proud for setting pathbreaking benchmarks in academic excellence. Four decades of experience in fulfilling the aspirations of India's students has given us conviction and confidence to aim higher and bigger always. Our students are known world over for making great strides in intra-national and international competitive examinations and clinching success with top-notch results

The Narayana family is committed to bringing out the best in every student by imparting a strong educational foundation. Given the dynamic and global nature of education in the 21st century, we are constantly working hard and reinventing ourselves with the ultimate goal of creating exceptional and enriching student experiences."
Thought Focus,3.7,(227 Reviews),Private,"Milwaukee,Wisconsin + 4 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ThoughtFocus is a US based, privately held consulting, software engineering and business process management firm with offices in the US, India and the Philippines. It helps clients in the financial services, manufacturing, education, aerospace and technology industries with their key business and technology challenges. ThoughtFocus is a Blackstone Innovation Fund portfolio company."
Astra Microwave ...,3.9,(227 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 8 more",32 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Founded in 1991, Astra Microwave Products Limited (AMPL) is one of the leading designers and manufacturers of high quality R.F. & Microwave Modules and Sub-systems in India.AMPL is a company promoted by Microwave Engineering Professionals and has been focusing on RF and Microwave Electronics business since its inception. An ISO 9001 Company, AMPL operates from four world class facilities. Today, AMPL manufactures and supplies components and sub-systems used in Defense, Space, Telecommunication and Meteorology and offers services from concept to completion. Services provided include design, development, fabricationand testing of R.F. and Microwave components and sub-systems. Using state of the art infrastructure and advanced testing facilities including ESS equipment, AMPL offers a one-stop solution for its customers and thus are amongst the pioneers in the segment."
Samvardhana Moth...,3.9,(3.7k Reviews),Noida + 23 more,48 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"The Motherson Group combines the power of innovation and product quality to passionately create world class products that cater to customer needs across diverse industries, especially automotive. Founded in 1975, the group has a diversified industry-leading portfolio of auto ancillary products and services that make it a full system solutions provider for its customers across the globe. With market leading products ranging from Electrical Distribution Systems, automotive rearview mirrors, polymer processing, lighting systems, air intake manifolds and HVAC systems. Motherson’s principal focus is the automotive industry, globally and in India. Motherson is a leading supplier to automotive industry globally. It also serves wide number of other industries. The group recorded a turnover of USD 11.7 billion (approx.) during 2018-19."
BPTP,4.2,(226 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 3 more",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At BPTP, it is our aim to establish ourselves as the most trusted and admired real estate company in the country. Our vision is not limited to becoming the most successful company in the sector, but to become the obvious partner of choice in the process. We are constantly striving to gain the trust and confidence of the people we work with and the people we work for. At the core of our organization are a set of guiding values. It is our mission to embody each of these values in our functioning, constantly"
Tirumala Milk Pr...,4.0,(226 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 34 more",27 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Thirumala Milk Products Private Limited is a leading dairy company in South India established in the year 1996. Since then, Thirumala has been maintaining its position as a fastest growing brand with presence in major states of India such as Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, and West Bengal. Today, Thirumala produces dairy products across nine state-of-the-art manufacturing plants spread across southern states of India"
Applied Material...,4.2,(226 Reviews),Private,"Santa Clara,California + 9 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Applied Materials is the leader in materials engineering solutions used to produce virtually every new chip and advanced display in the world. Our expertise in modifying materials at atomic levels and on an industrial scale enables customers to transform possibilities into reality. Our innovations make possible™ the technology shaping the future.
Holcim,3.6,(226 Reviews),Private,Navi Mumbai + 24 more,111 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Holcim is one of the world's largest cement makers with an annual production capacity of approximately 200 million tons. The company operates in some 70 countries around the world; its international subsidiaries include Holcim (US), St. Lawrence Cement in Canada, Aggregate Industries in the UK, Holcim (Australia), and Holcim Apasco in Mexico. Although geographically diverse, Holcim sticks to the basics when it comes to products: cement, clinker, concrete, aggregates, and lime. The company also offers research, import/export trading, consulting, and management services for the construction industry."
Jeeves Consumer ...,4.0,(226 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 45 more",16 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Jeeves Consumer Services Pvt. Ltd is your one stop service point for all electronics, electrical and IT products. Since 2007, a passion for helping households deal with their electronics and appliances related problems by offering cost effective, reliable and quick solutions makes Jeeves the preferred trouble shooting partner for over 3 million homes. A presence in over 300 cities ensures that Jeeves is close to you no matter which city in India you are based out of or travelling to.
Be it Mumbai or Rampur, Jeeves has a local service hub where you can easily service your DVD player, TV, washing machine, food processor or laptop in a hassle free manner. Jeeves can help you install, optimize performance, shift or fix any product of any brand or age.
Our passion for consumer service has seen us in long-term partnerships with Indias biggest retail chains and corporate like the Future Group, Vu, Kodak, Thomson and a bevy of leading consumer durables brands.
Customers trust Jeeves because of its policy of only using genuine spares & accessories; because Jeeves service personnel are highly skilled and well trained; because Jeeves can help fix any product at home of any brand; because they do not have to depend on the unreliable local repairman each time they have a problem."
Nilons Enterpris...,4.0,(226 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 31 more",61 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Nilon’s Enterprises Private Limited was founded way back in 1962 by Shri Suresh B. Sanghavi as a cottage industry. From a humble beginning, Nilon’s has today become the largest producer of Pickles, Tooty-Fruity and Roasted Vermicelli in India. Managed by a professional and dynamic team, Nilon’s is now among the fastest growing processed food company in India.Nilon’s has a very wide range of quality products including Pickles, Papads, Tooty-Fruity, Sauces, Vermicelli, Macaroni, Tomato Ketchup and Jams."
Johnson Controls...,3.8,(226 Reviews),Kadi + 27 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
SMEC,4.2,(226 Reviews),Private,"North Sydney,New South Wales + 49 more",53 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"SMEC is a global engineering, management and development consultancy delivering technical excellence and sustainable solutions to our clients, partners and communities. SMEC has a long and proud history which dates back to Australia’s iconic Snowy Mountains Hydroelectric Scheme in 1949, one of the largest and most complex hydroelectric schemes in the world. Since our inception, SMEC has been delivering world-class innovative solutions on a global scale across urban development, infrastructure and management services industries. In 2016 SMEC joined the Surbana Jurong Group, one of the largest Asia-based urban and infrastructure consultancies. Our partnership has created a talent pool of 16,000 professionals working across 120 offices in more than 40 countries throughout Asia, Australasia, Africa, the UK, Middle East and the Americas. Working alongside our parent and sister companies, we constantly strive to redefine our standards of excellence. Our projects help to generate economic growth and provide essential infrastructure services in some of the world’s fastest growing economies. For the latest news, visit our newsroom www.smec.com/newsroom or read about the innovations and solutions shaping our communities on our Infocus blog www.smec.com/infocus. At SMEC, our global workforce is made up of experts who bring unique talent, experience and passion to their fields. We offer a rewarding career path for enthusiastic and collaborative achievers who are motivated to make a difference. For more information or to view current vacancies visit www.smec.com/careers."
Kiya.ai,3.4,(226 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 4 more",28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Jetking Infotrai...,4.0,(225 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 48 more",76 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Established in 1947Jetking Infotrain Limited is India's leading computer networking institute, which trains technical and non-technical students. Jetking has 100 centers spread across India"
Aculife Healthca...,3.8,(225 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 18 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aculife Healthcare Private Limited is majorly in Manufacturing of medical infusions, disposable medical devices & critical care medicine in Ahmedabad, Gujarat."
Boehringer-Ingel...,4.1,(225 Reviews),Private,Ingelheim + 37 more,138 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Boehringer Ingelheim is a global group of companies embracing many cultures and diverse societies. Learn more about the financial highlights, the corporate vision, the organisation, the Board of Managing Directors and the company's history as well as our engagement for scientific, cultural and environmental purposes.

Improving the health and quality of life of humans and animals is the goal of the research-driven pharmaceutical company Boehringer Ingelheim. The focus in doing so is on diseases for which no satisfactory treatment option exists to date. The company therefore concentrates on developing innovative therapies that can extend patients’ lives. In animal health, Boehringer Ingelheim stands for advanced prevention."
Roca Bathroom Pr...,4.0,(225 Reviews),Private,Municipality Of GavÃ + 39 more,17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Roca, a Spanish Owned Group, has been a global front-runner in the bathroom space for almost 100 years with a focus on Design, Innovation, Sustainability, and Well-being. With a presence in over 135 countries and 78 production plants spread across five continents, Roca is the ultimate worldwide benchmark reference for the creation of bathroom products. Roca entered the Indian market in the year 2006 by joining hands with Parryware. Today, Roca Bathroom Products houses 6 key brands - namely, Armani Roca, Laufen, Johnson Suisse, Roca, Parryware, and Johnson Pedder. Each brand has a complete bathroom solutions offering in its portfolio, catering to different consumer segments. RBPPL currently operates with 8 factories in India, out of the group’s global 78 factories. With a solid distribution network in place, RBPPL has a Pan India retail presence. Backed by a strong and rich pedigree, Roca Bathroom Products is poised to continue its revolutionary and leading presence in the country."
Sapiens,3.9,(225 Reviews),Private,"Holon,Tel Aviv + 4 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sapiens International Corporation empowers insurers to succeed in an evolving industry. The company offers digital insurance software platforms, solutions and services for the property and casualty, life, pension and annuity, reinsurance, financial and compliance, workers’ compensation and financial markets. With more than 35 years of experience delivering to over 600+ organizations globally, Sapiens has a proven ability to satisfy customers’ core, data and digital requirements.

Our portfolio features policy administration, billing and claims; underwriting, illustration and electronic application; reinsurance; and decision management software. Sapiens’ digital offerings include customer and agent portals, a digital hub with an API layer and digital studio, and an advanced analytics solution. Sapiens’ team of over 4,000 operates through our fully-owned subsidiaries in North America, the United Kingdom, EMEA and Asia Pacific."
Cooper Corporati...,3.7,(225 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 7 more",101 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Nestled on the banks of the majestic Krishna river, in the idyllic foothills of grand mountains and forts such as Ajinkya Tara, Sajjangad, Jarandeshwar, you will find Cooper Corporation astutely redefining business, spearheading innovation and serving customers worldwide.

The Cooper family has been in Satara for more than a 100 years now and has established its name in many diverse fields, ranging from agriculture, education, social reform, politics to liquor, engineering, and other industries.

Its name is associated with many luminaries like Chatrapati Bhonsale Scions, Yashwantrao Chavan, Prabhodhankar Thackeray, Karmaveer Bhaurao Patil, Dr Ambedkar, Veer Savarkar, Walchand, Kirloskar, Kalyani, great reformer Keshavrao Vichare and Rajarshi Shahu Maharaj of Kolhapur.

Sir Dhanjisha B Cooper, the first entrepreneur in the family, came from a very humble background. His father was a carpenter in charge of repairing barrels at a distillery and hence, the family name, Cooper.

However, D B Cooper broke free from the family profession and started a liquor business by extracting toddy from palm trees in a plantation that he maintained. Simultaneously, he ran many liquor shops throughout the former state of Bombay Presidency.

Being an entrepreneur, he utilised his profits in starting a small company on Satara Road that manufactured ploughs, agriculture equipment, and years later, diesel engines. Eventually, the company went on to be known as Cooper Engineering Limited.

In those days of the British Rule, it was difficult for an Indian to establish an industry anywhere in the country. However, Cooper was one of the three - others being Kirloskar and Ogale - who chose to set up their own factories along the railway line.

Over the years, Cooper Engineering continued to grow under the joint ownership with the Walchand's into a multi-faceted engineering company making diesel engines, machine tools, looms etc.

Back then, Sir D. B. Cooper was also ably assisted by his only son, Nariman D. Cooper, who despite being an agriculture graduate, took to looking after the daily operations of Cooper Engineering."
“Bharat Financia...,4.1,(225 Reviews),Hyderabad/Secunderabad + 83 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Sotc Travel Serv...,3.8,(225 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 30 more,74 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SOTC Travel Limited (Formerly SOTC Travel Pvt. Ltd.) is a step-down subsidiary of Fairfax Financial Holdings Group; held through its Indian listed subsidiary, Thomas Cook (India) Limited (TCIL). SOTC India is a leading travel and tourism company active across various travel segments including Leisure Travel, Incentive Travel and Business Travel.

SOTC was established in 1949. Since then, it has escorted lakhs of travelers across the globe for more than 70 years to various destinations around the world. It is one of the leaders in segments, namely Escorted Group Tours, Customised Holidays, Holidays of India and Incentive Travel amongst others. SOTC’s customer focus, innovation and operational excellence has not only tapped the existing market potential but has also created new markets through innovative packages. Its vast array of holiday services is taking holidaying to an entirely new level. A new age innovative holiday maker, SOTC strives to make holidays a priority for every Indian. Through investments in technology and with a strong online presence the company serves its customers through an omni-channel play."
Hamdard,4.1,(225 Reviews),NGO/NPO,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 43 more",117 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Hamdard' is a compound word derived from Persian, which combines the words 'hum' (used in the sense of 'companion') and 'dard' (meaning 'pain'). 'Hamdard' thus means 'a companion in pain' and 'sympathizer in suffering'.In 1906, in undivided India's capital, Delhi, a devoted, determined, yet unworldly man, Hakeem Hafiz Abdul Majeed, laid the foundation of Hamdard Dawakhana. What started as a small Unani clinic in one of the by lanes of the historic old Delhi, Hamdard has become synonymous with integrity and high quality in the field of relatively inexpensive Unani medicines."
Quintessence Bus...,4.1,(225 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,Texas",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"QBSS is now delivering RCM services using Machine Learning Technologies. Built in house and from ground up by Coders, AR & denial specialists and Machine Learing Experts, Codessence and Reimburssence for coding and AR respectively revolutionize the outsourced RCM business. Combined, the two ML based technologies work in tandem to cut time to pay, increase reimbursements by 8-20% and reduce staffing costs by not less than 20%. They are capable of learning the changes dynamically, reducing time to react to payer and industry changes. QBSS works on a success fee price model and we back our solution with a performance guarantee program. Contact us today to learn how you can transform your billing business and experience the impact of our cutting edge technologies and servicesQBSS is now delivering RCM services using Machine Learning Technologies. Built in house and from ground up by Coders, AR & denial specialists and Machine Learing Experts, Codessence and Reimburssence for coding and AR respectively revolutionize the outsourced RCM business. Combined, the two ML based technologies work in tandem to cut time to pay, increase reimbursements by 8-20% and reduce staffing costs by not less than 20%. They are capable of learning the changes dynamically, reducing time to react to payer and industry changes. QBSS works on a success fee price model and we back our solution with a performance guarantee program. Contact us today to learn how you can transform your billing business and experience the impact of our cutting edge technologies and services"
P&O Cruises,4.5,(224 Reviews),Private,Southampton + 8 more,186 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Relax. With more than 175 years as Britain’s favourite cruise line, we know a thing or two about holidaying... and having a good time! Every detail of our ships is tailored towards modern British tastes (including brand new Britannia), and every aspect of our holidays is designed to make you feel special. 

So slip free from the rigours of routine and escape with us to a world where you can awake every day to an amazing new skyline. Discover meals lovingly crafted by our Food Heroes; the famous faces that make our food fabulous, including Marco Pierre White, Eric Lanlard and Atul Kochhar, as well as Cookery Club experiences with James Martin.

While away the days as they unfold at your pace and no one else’s. You’ll find ships designed for adults and others which provide the perfect playground for all ages. So let’s set a course and away we go... This is the life."
Johnson Matthey,4.0,(224 Reviews),Private,London + 12 more,206 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"As a global leader in sustainable technologies, we apply our cutting-edge science to create solutions with our customers that make a real difference to the world around us.

We’ve been leading this field for more than 200 years, applying unrivalled scientific expertise to enable cleaner air, improved health and more efficient use of natural resources.

And our story doesn’t end there. Through continued investment in sound research and development, we’re tackling the world’s big challenges into our third century and beyond."
Accelya Solution...,3.8,(224 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 7 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Accelya is a leading global provider of technology products and services to the travel and transport industry. Founded in 1976, Accelya delivers financial, commercial, cargo and analytics solutions designed for a world on the move. Accelya provides the mission-critical solutions that account for and manage more than 5 billion financial transactions and 75 million tons of cargo annually. Accelya serves as a strategic partner to more than 400 airlines, travel agents and shippers."
Electrical Resea...,3.8,(224 Reviews),Private,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujarat + 18 more",49 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Electrical Research and Development Association (ERDA), a not-for-profit professional Organisation, registered under societies act and Public Trust formed under the Charity Commissioner of Maharashtra, was promoted by the Electrical industries and some Utilities with support from Government of India through CSIR and grant given by the Government of Gujarat. ERDA was established at Vadodara on the land provided by Gujarat government free of cost. ERDA’s services are provided under three business verticals namely “Testing & Evaluation”, “Field Services”, and “R&D and Expert Services”. ERDA operates from its state-of-the-art 25 acre head office located at Makarpura, Vadodara and three site laboratories – ERDA (North) at Gurgaon, ERDA (West) at Rabale & ERDA (South) at Rajahmundry to serve customers spread across various geographical locations in India."
Doubtnut,3.2,(224 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 10 more",7 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Doubtnut leverages technology to make education accessible for all.

We have created an App using which students can ask study questions in Math by clicking the picture of the problem or concept. Subject matter experts then create a Khan Academy style video to answer each doubt. 

Why video, because in our experience as teacher/educator we have seen students not being able to understand text solutions. In fact around 30% of the questions asked on doubtnut so far are actually solved examples from textbooks."
ACG Associated C...,4.0,(224 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",59 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"ACG is the world’s only integrated pharma manufacturing solutions company. Capsules + Films & Foils + Engineering + Inspection and Track & Trace systems, we do it all. Your global partners for end-to-end pharmaceutical solutions, no matter where you are.

ACG Worldwide has a presence in over 100 countries with its products and services, employing more than 3,200 members that strive to provide world-class technology across multiple domains. We offer a complete range of solutions beginning with empty capsules; granulation and tablet coating; capsule filling; tabletting; packaging films; blister packing and carton packing to the end-of-line solutions and track and trace systems. With over 20,000 machine installations worldwide, it speaks lengths of the high quality standards we follow at ACG as well as complying with major international quality certifications or legislation's."
Bharat Seats,3.8,(224 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 9 more",37 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Relan Group is a diversified, multi-product group of Companies, with expertise in manufacturing and supply of components to automotive and White Goods Manufacturers. The group is also one of the pioneers in financial services.
Relan Group believes that their responsibility is to satisfy all their customers and those who use their products and services by meeting their needs promptly and accurately by maintaining the highest quality standards. There must be equal opportunity for development, advancement and growth.
Relan Group has state of the art manufacturing facilities with continuous focus on new product, innovation and technology upgradation.
Under the dynamic leadership and vision of Shri N.D.Relan, the Chairman of the Group, Shri Rohit Relan, the Managing Director Bharat Seats Ltd and Shri Ajay Relan, the Managing Director of the Sharda Motor Industries Ltd and it's units, the RELAN GROUP, with its successful track record and desire for excellence is today an industrial force to reckon with in the Automotive Supplier Industry."
Sunwoda,4.1,(224 Reviews),Private,"Greater Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 2 more",26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Sunwoda is a leading manufacturer with HQ in China to provide Electronic manufacturing services (EMS) and Li-ion battery solutions for digital device, smart phone, mobile device, e-book, tablet, notebook PC, power tool, e-bike, medical equipment and other lithium battery driven equipment devices."
RSPL GHARI DETER...,4.2,(224 Reviews),Kanpur + 53 more,36 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"We live in fast paced ever changing world. These changes affect our lives and lifestyles and therefore it is crucial to learn to be resilient.

The driving force at RSPL Group is to understand profound changes in product technology and consumer needs to make our brands the way consumer desires them to be.  We believe that the only constant in the history of mankind is evolution and so it is our endeavor to give superior brand experience and most superior value for consumer's money. Our undeterred pursuit for evolution has led the company to progress on the path of value during our growth.

RSPL Group is more than 5800 crore diversified conglomerate, which is committed to value for money propositions & credited with several innovations over last 3 decades. The sagacity to weave its business around consumer needs has conferred RSPL Group with a distinct value and identity. Efficient capital structure, cutting edge technology, operational discipline and a widespread distribution network, have together attributed to enhance RSPL Group and enabled the organization to deliver value to consumers.

Keeping in line with its expansion programme, the company has established detergent manufacturing units in various locations across India to enable the company to fulfill the demand of its products across the country more effectively.

The company is going to set up a new unit in Raipur, Chhattisgarh for the manufacturing of detergent cake, powder and acid slurry. The company has applied for necessary approvals to set up the unit. Within next couple of years the Group's installed capacity of detergents would cross 800000 MT PA.

To make its presence stronger in southern states, the company is planning to set up a unit in Karnataka. The company has already acquired land at Bidar, Karnataka for the purpose. Keeping in view the expanding market of personal & home care products in India, the company has set up a unit in Haridwar for the manufacturing of products like Shampoo, Hair oil, Toothpaste, Moisturiser, Shaving Cream, Liquid Hand Wash, Floor Cleaner, Liquid Detergent and Toilet Cleaner. The Unit has become operational in March 2010 with an installed capacity of 123 MT per day for all products taken together."
TIBCO Software,4.2,(224 Reviews),Private,"Palo Alto,California + 6 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"TIBCO Software Inc. unlocks the potential of real-time data for making faster, smarter decisions. Our Connected Intelligence platform seamlessly connects any application or data source; intelligently unifies data for greater access, trust, and control; and confidently predicts outcomes in real time and at scale."
GSH Group,4.0,(223 Reviews),Private,"Parsippany,New Jersey + 29 more",128 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"""At GSH, the phrase Always On™ not only represents our company’s philosophy of continuous improvement and innovation. It’s also a promise to our clients. A promise to be “at the ready” for you with relevant people, equipment and resources required to maintain your building facilities at their optimum levels of operation. To be here with support and answers to your concerns, should problems arise, followed by quick resolution to restore your peace of mind.
And it’s a promise to provide clients with forward-thinking, integrated facilities management solutions and maintenance programs that deliver operating efficiency, deliver bottom-line financial savings, and offer sustainable advantages in energy use, management and conservation.
GSH are Always On™ delivering true value through our unique combination of a strong culture built on family ownership values, dedication and expert service teams.
Our superior level of operational excellence is expressed through the GSH Circle of Service, which operates globally and represents our four key areas of facility management distinction: Services, Support, Sustainability and Scalability.
GSH Group, a top Facilities Management Services Company, delivers value through innovative solutions. GSH Group works closely with each one of our customers to deliver a program that not only maintains the facility and building equipment, but also enhances value by improving the facility and reducing costs. This is driven by our experience in the field, including the implementation of well-planned maintenance programs, high-quality facility engineering services, enhancing energy efficiency through no/low cost energy management solutions, and deploying cutting-edge account management systems.
GSH Group uses the latest technology solutions to support its clients, with our computerized maintenance management system forming the hub of our solution with access from mobile applications. Contracts are supported by GSH’s 24/7 call center, providing immediate response to any request by our industry leading support services.
GSH provides facilities services to the marketplace. Our company uses talented and experienced facilities professionals and contractors around the world to maintain facilities of various types including retail, manufacturing, educational, government and more. Our primary goal is to deliver innovative FM solutions in order to maintain facilities with the highest standards while also achieving cost savings."""
Cosmo Films,4.1,(223 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 6 more",42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1981, Cosmo Films Limited today is a global leader in speciality films for packaging, lamination and labeling applications. Its films offerings include biaxially oriented polypropylene (BOPP) films, cast polypropylene (CPP) films and soon to be offered biaxially oriented polyethylene terephthalate (BOPET) films.

With manufacturing units in India & Korea, Cosmo has a BOPP manufacturing capacity of 200,000 TPA and CPP manufacturing capacity of 9,000 TPA with a sales turnover of around USD 311 Million (INR 21.63 Billion) in FY 2018-2019. Cosmo is the largest BOPP films exporter from India and the world’s largest manufacturer of thermal lamination films.

Cosmo offers a comprehensive range of speciality films for flexible packaging, lamination, labeling and industrial applications, including films such as high barrier films, velvet lamination films, synthetic paper."
Skilliantech,4.8,(223 Reviews),Private,"London,England + 11 more",18 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Skilliantech, a CMMI Level 3 company, trading as “SkillRecruit”, is a specialist IT and Engineering recruitment agency delivering comprehensive coverage of recruitment services across all industries and domains. Established in 2005, currently we operate from 10 different locations around the globe covering UK, India and EMEA. 
 
SkillRecruit’s unparalleled recruiting experience, coupled with organization development insight and industrial expertise makes it stand apart from the competitors. SkillRecruit’s intense efforts and unending passion for recruitment has helped them to offer their clients, optimal service and superior results consistently.

Specialties:

•	Permanent Hiring
•	Fixed Term Contract Hiring
•	Contract Hiring
•	Temporary Hiring
•	Executive Hiring
•	Graduate Hiring
•	Staff Augmentation
•	Recruitment Process Outsourcing"
PC Solutions,4.0,(223 Reviews),Private,"New Delhi,Delhi + 12 more",35 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"PC Solutions is a strategic, influential, and credible leader in the field of Technology services, consulting and IT infrastructure solutions for the past thirty years. With our unparalleled compliance to process and security standards, we are certified as ISO/IEC 20000-2011, ISO27001-2013, ISO 9001:2015, CMMi - Level 3 Company. Since our inception in 1988, our team of experts have diligently ensured that we align the IT solutions to meet the business needs of enterprises with agility and precision. We are global, and our customer base spans across industries on the worldwide map."
TCG Lifesciences,4.0,(223 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 5 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"TCG Lifesciences Pvt. Limited (formerly “Chembiotek Research International”) is a leading global Contract Research and Manufacturing Services (CRAMS) company in the area of drug discovery and development. We started our operations in 2001 in Kolkata, India and currently have our presence in the United States, Europe, and Japan.We have a strong talent pool of 900+ qualified and trained scientists and more than 200 PhDs, drawn from the best domestic and international institutes and industry. Our services span chemistry, in vitro and in vivo pharmacology, analytical development and validation, and specialty chemicals. We offer specific/functional solutions to integrated projects across multiple therapeutic areas with specific focus on Inflammation & Pain, Infectious Diseases, Central Nervous System and Oncology. Our research infrastructure includes world-class chemistry and biology laboratories, animal facility, electrophysiology laboratory, BSL 2 laboratory, and cGMP facilities at our R&D centers."
Bonfiglioli Tran...,3.7,(223 Reviews),Private,"Lippo Di Calderara Di Reno,Bologna + 11 more",67 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are a family-run Italian company with a global presence. Our three business units, Discrete Manufacturing & Process Industries, Mechatronic & Motion Systems, and Mobility & Wind Industries, embody all the expertise and experience needed to support our customers' growth.

With our worldwide network, we can support customers anywhere at any time. 

We design, manufacture and distribute effective, tailored solutions for all types of applications in industrial automation, mobile machinery, and wind energy.

Our solutions are based on a wide range of products, including gear motors, drive systems, planetary gearboxes, and inverters. Bonfiglioli solutions impact all aspects of daily life, from the food we consume to the roads we drive on, the clothes we wear, and the light that illuminates our homes. Our solutions keep the world in motion.

Bonfiglioli dominates the power transmission market through five distinct brands. These brands allow the company to better serve its customers across the world."
Krsnaa Diagnosti...,3.7,(223 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 37 more",13 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"To make a difference in healthcare Krsnaa Diagnostics Pvt Ltd is India’s largest diagnostic services provider, both in Radiology and Pathology. Our mission to be easily accessible and affordable to anyone who seeks best quality diagnoses, and our commitment towards the same are what defines and differentiates us. We deliver clinical excellence through collaborative teleradiology services to enable robust evidence-based treatment for our patients in any corner of the country. With the most advanced technology in place, equipped with an advanced cloud-based PACS workflow capable of rapid deployment and easy integration into flexible operational needs, accurate reports are delivered from well-qualified Radiologists and Pathologists from across the globe.We offer exceptional service with prompt turnaround of diagnostic reports, easy access to consultation with our team of diagnostic specialists, and the ability to handle diagnostic report needs. We provide world class healthcare diagnostics services at affordable rates with the approach of “Let’s Do Good...”"
Lotte India Corp...,4.1,(223 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 48 more",19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Lotte India Corporation Limited came into existencepost the takeover of Parrys Confectionery fromMurugappa Group in 2004.Lotte Confectionery, the parent company of Lotte Indiais part of the Korean conglomerate, Lotte Group.The company is a respectable player in the confectionery space with strong brands like Coffy Bite, Caramilk, Lacto King and Lotte Eclairs apart from BooProo and Spout gums.Coffy Bite, a power brand has a history of over 32 years existence. It enjoys cult status even today, courtesy the iconic “Is it a Coffee or a Toffee?...the argument continues” advertising."
Kirloskar Ferrou...,3.9,(223 Reviews),Public,"Koppal,Karnataka + 9 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"KFIL is an initiation of Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited (KOEL) and Shivaji Works Limited (SWL). Incorporated in 1991, the flagship company of the Kirloskar Group was formed with an objective of manufacturing high quality Pig Iron and thin-walled quality grey iron castings to cater to the growing demand in industry sectors such as Tractors, Automotives and Diesel Engines.

The manufacturing facility at Koppal is strategically located at Bevinahalli village for casting and pig iron business - a location which has proximity to iron ore deposits of the Hospet-Sandur-Bellary belt, with casting manufacturing having a backward integration to Blast Furnace. Similarly, the Solapur plant has a casting manufacturing facility with forwarding integration to semi-finish machining facility."
Kellogg Brown an...,4.4,(223 Reviews),Public,"Houston,Texas + 17 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"KBR is a global provider of differentiated professional services and technologies across the asset and program lifecycle within the Government Solutions and Energy sectors. KBR employs approximately 37,000 people worldwide (including our joint ventures), with customers in more than 80 countries, and operations in 40 countries, across three synergistic global businesses: Government Solutions, serving government customers globally, including capabilities that cover the full lifecycle of defense, space, aviation and other government programs and missions from research and development, through systems engineering, test and evaluation, program management, to operations, maintenance, and field logistics"
Kailash Hospital,4.0,(223 Reviews),Public,Noida + 16 more,39 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Kailash Group of Hospitals, a 325 bedded super speciality and multi-speciality group of hospitals is one of the leading integrated healthcare providers in India, with spectrum of clinical services under one roof. 
Equipped with world class latest advanced Health technology and a committed team of more than 5000 experienced employees including Doctors and Surgeons, Kailash hospitals have outsmarted in comprehensive and patient friendly healthcare services of International standards at affordable cost.
The hospital specializes in Cardiology, Neonatology, Neurology, Oncology and many major health treatments across all its branches.
Kailash Group has its Health service wings spread all through the major cities of North India serving the people of Delhi, Noida, Greater Noida, Dehradun, Jewar, Khurja, Behror(Rajasthan)."
Adient,4.0,(223 Reviews),Private,"Plymouth,MI + 11 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We’ve been committed to getting things precisely right since the start. It’s how we create superior products for our customers and their end-consumers. And it’s why, in just over 30 years of partnering with automakers, we are a leader in the automotive seating industry. Today, as an independent public company, we have the ability to reinvest in our core business, quickly capitalize on emerging trends, and sharpen our focus on innovation — in automotive seating and beyond.We challenge ourselves to anticipate what our customers will need next. We’re helping to conceive the first generation of autonomous vehicles, and as an advanced manufacturer of lightweight components, we’re promoting sustainable driving experiences around the globe. Our one-step-ahead mindset keeps us focused on the future and ensures our place as an industry leader."
Birla Tyres,3.5,(223 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 56 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Birla Tyres was first established in 1991, as part of Kesoram Industries Limited, initially collaborating , in the production and development of its tyres with world-class tyre manufacturer Pirelli. Since then, Birla Tyres has built a solid reputation for quality and is now recognised as one of the best tyre manufacturers in India.
Indian vehicle manufacturers (OEMs) respect the quality and value of Birla Tyres so much that they regularly fit our tyres as original equipment on their new commercial vehicles, scooters, motorcycles and 3-wheelers. They know Birla Tyres will give their customers the safety and reliability they are looking for."
Himatsingka Seid...,3.8,(223 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 6 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Himatsingka Group is a vertically integrated Home Textile major with a global footprint. The Group focuses on the manufacturing, retailing and distribution of Home Textile products spread across Asia, Europe and North America.Founded in 1985, the Himatsingka Group focuses on design and product development, best-in-class manufacturing processes and efficient supply chain capabilities to ensure the highest level of customer service in the industry. With a team of over 5000 people, the Group continues to expand its reach and build capacities in the Home Textile space. The Himatsingka Group is a vertically integrated Home Textile major with a global footprint. The Group focuses on the manufacturing, retailing and distribution of Home Textile products spread across Asia, Europe and North America.Founded in 1985, the Himatsingka Group focuses on design and product development, best-in-class manufacturing processes and efficient supply chain capabilities to ensure the highest level of customer service in the industry. With a team of over 5000 people, the Group continues to expand its reach and build capacities in the Home Textile space."
Magma HDI Genera...,4.1,(223 Reviews),JV,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 61 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Magma HDI General Insurance Co Ltd. is a joint venture between Magma Fincorp Ltd, Kolkata and HDI Global SE Germany."
Netlink Software,3.6,(222 Reviews),Private,Madison Heights + 17 more,25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Delivering technology solutions that yield immediate business results isn’t just our business, it’s what drives us to succeed every day. Established in 1999, Netlink has grown to become a global business technology services and solutions company headquartered in Michigan, Detroit with offices in 18 other locations across the globe.

Our portfolio of services is a complete set of technology-enabled business tools, customized, integrated and managed by world-class team of technology specialists. We firmly believe that a great business solution should offer the best product and the best service that ensures that the product delivers results as expected. It is this commitment that drives us each day to offer solutions and services that deliver results every time.

Today, we serve top businesses in Automobile, Supply Chain, F&B, Retail and Media & Entertainment and many more. We help them tackle business challenges head on with innovative solutions including Business Intelligence, Infrastructure Management, Application Management and IT engagement models."
DigiCall Teleser...,3.8,(222 Reviews),Private,"Johannesburg,Vaud + 11 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Born From An Innate Desire To Assist And Serve, Digicall Has Been Delivering World-Class Outsourced And Incident Management Services In South Africa Since 2003 And Expanded To The UK In 2012 And Australia In 2015.
 

Whether you’re in insurance, banking, telecoms or just a household that needs their geyser replaced. We offer our clients best in class, stringently vetted, specialist service solutions under one vision and ethos. Our service is supported by unique technologies and people who live to exceed client expectations and grow their client’s businesses. This approach has cemented our role as a disruptor and leader in our industry, which has allowed us to become one of the world’s best BPO’s and incident service providers."
Amul Dairy,4.2,(222 Reviews),Private,Anand + 55 more,75 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Over seven decades ago the life of a farmer in Kaira was very much like that of farmers anywhere else in India. His income was derived almost entirely from seasonal crops. Many poor farmers faced starvation during off-seasons. Their income from milch buffaloes was undependable. The milk marketing system was controlled by contractors and middlemen. As milk is perishable, farmers were compelled to sell their milk for whatever they were offered. Often they had to sell cream and ghee at a throwaway price.

1964 was the turning point in the history of dairy development programme in India. Late Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri, the then Prime Minister of India who visited Anand on 31s October for inauguration of Amul’s Cattle Feed Plant, having spent a night with farmers of Kaira and experiencing the success wished and expressed to Mr Kurien, then the General Manager of Amul that replicating Amul model through out our country will bring a great change in the socio-economic conditions of the people. In order to bring this dream into reality, 1965 The National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) was established at Anand and by 1969-70 NDDB came out with the dairy development programme for India popularly known as “Operation Flood” or “White Revolution”. The Operation Flood programme, even today, stands to be the largest dairy development programme ever drawn in the world. This saw Amul as model and this model is often referred in the history of White Revolution as “Anand P"
Gallagher Servic...,3.8,(222 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 5 more,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
ANZ Support Serv...,4.4,(222 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 1 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Rane Brake Linin...,4.2,(222 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 14 more",59 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Rane (Madras) Ltdis a part ofthe Rane Group of Companiesinvolved in the manufacture and distribution ofsteeringandsuspensionsystems. The main components manufactured by the company include Manual Steering Gear Products (SGP) and Suspension & Steering Linkage Products (SSLP). The other products include tie rod assemblies, drag link assemblies, center link assemblies and gear shift ball joints.[1][2]Automobile companies that use its products includeAshok Leyland,Volvo,M&M,Tafe,Tataamong many others.[3]Tata motors remains its major customer and is the primary parts manufacturer for Tata's Nano.[4]The company has also set up a dedicated plant for Tata Nano in Sanand, Gujarat.[5]The company was forced to change its manufacturing facility from West Bengal to Gujarat after Tata moved out."
DataTrained,4.5,(222 Reviews),LLP,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 2 more",11 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Access to quality learning in emerging technologies has always been a challenge to most of the demographics of the Indian subcontinent. DataTrained aim is to shorten this curve and make quality professional education accessible to all. We are an ed-tech company with the sole aim of imparting quality programs in emerging technologies like Data Science, Analytics, Big Data, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Cloud Computing, Development, DevOps, Digital Marketing, Management, Engineering and many more. Our programs are well received by professionals across the globe as well as by the students who want to start a promising career in these emerging technologies. Our focus has always been on problem-solving approach guidance to our learners."
Wipro HR Service...,3.3,(222 Reviews),Gurgaon/Gurugram + 9 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Netafim Irrigati...,4.1,(259 Reviews),Private,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujarat + 46 more",58 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Netafim is an Israeli manufacturer of irrigation equipment. The company produces drippers, dripperlines, sprinklers and micro-emitters. Netafim also manufactures and distributes crop management technologies, including monitoring and control systems, dosing systems, and crop management software"
Prem Motors,4.0,(221 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 10 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Prem Motors is one of the leading names in Automobiles dealership of Maruti Suzuki. Prem Motors Pvt. Ltd. a company incorporated under the Companies Act having its registered office at Kanwal Complex, A G Office Road, Gwalior came into existence as a Private Limited Company on 28th November, 1990. Mr. Charanjeet Nagpal is the main promoter of Prem Motors Pvt. Ltd. who established the organization in the year 1990 when he acquired a dealership of Rajdoot Motorcycles, formerly a proprietary firm called “Prem Motors”. With the motto of Customer Satisfaction, Prem Motors started its journey with Maruti Suzuki in Gwalior in the year 2001. Being the Maruti Suzuki’s largest and fast growing dealer in India - Prem Motors has extended its wings through various network of 34 Showrooms, 21 Workshops, 6 True Value Outlets, 5 Commercial Outlets & 3 Driving Schools spread across 5 States (Delhi, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan & Uttar Pradesh). Prem Motors is a one-stop-shop for Sales, Service, Accessories, Finance and Insurance. We are committed to deliver the best of Maruti Suzuki to you. Because we care for you… Always!!"
Buhler,4.0,(221 Reviews),Private,"Uzwil,St. Gallen + 18 more",163 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Billions of people come into contact with Bühler technologies to cover their basic needs for food and mobility every day. For this, we develop the best process solutions along complete value chains. Two billion people each day enjoy foods produced on Bühler equipment; and one billion people travel in vehicles manufactured with parts produced with our machinery. Having this global relevance, we are in a unique position to turn today’s global challenges into sustainable and good business"
MetroTelworks,3.8,(221 Reviews),Private,Ahmedabad + 30 more,19 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Metro Telworks was formed in 2004 and is primarily engaged in providing RF services &In building solutions to Network Equipment Manufacturers and Telecom Operators. With established foot prints across the Globe, Metro Telworks has already started implementing Automation in its services resulting into Cost Efficient and improved delivery to its Customers. Metro Telworks has expanded itself to cover Turnkey solutions, RF Planning and Optimization, Network Performance Services, Switch Planning, IP Planning, Project management and End to End Services as a Solution, in its ambit of Services. It also undertakes task based projects requiring delivery of tangible results in the form of either cell site production or network quality improvement and has consistently met or exceeded Key Performance Indicators (KPI)."
Samsonite,4.1,(221 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 37 more",113 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"One of Samsonite Group's greatest assets is our complementary portfolio of brands, which includes some of the most trusted and highly recognized names in the global travel industry.Collectively, our brands serve every segment of the market, reaching customers in all walks of life, all over the world. We meet the discerning needs of the luxury market through our Samsonite Black Label brand, while the innovative, high-quality offering within our time-honored Samsonite brand serves both middle- and upper-market customer segments. Our American Tourister brand provides affordable, quality products to value-conscious consumers.We complement our owned brands through our global licensing program, through which we leverage Samsonite's luggage expertise to partner with market-leading lifestyle brands, such as Lacoste, with whom we develop handbags and casual bags, and Timberland, with whom we offer travel gear, accessories, backpacks and outdoor items.Each of our brands has been carefully developed to meet the precise quality, value and pricing needs of the consumers within its market. Despite their diversity, all of our brands share a common philosophy: to deliver durable, high-quality products that reflect Samsonite's commitment to excellent craftsmanship, innovative design and exceptional functionality"
Aizant Drug Rese...,3.9,(221 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 1 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Aizant® is an integrated drug development solutions provider. Aizant was established by experienced pharmaceutical professionals with global exposure.
We are a rapidly growing formulation CDMO and CRO with a diverse portfolio of capabilities partnering with health care companies specializing in new molecular entities (NME’s), generics (ANDA’s) and over the counter (OTC’s) products globally.
We add exponential value to our clients R&D programs at every stage of drug development right from the discovery of the molecule to commercialization and subsequent life cycle management. We are the vital link between the pharmaceutical companies and the healthcare industry."
Laxmi Organic In...,4.0,(221 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 7 more",31 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Laxmi Organics Industries Ltd. is the flagship company of the Goenka Group. The Group has interests in Chemicals, Paper, power and Education. Laxmi Organic Industries was born in 1990, with the objective to manufacture alcohol-based chemicals. The first plant was set up to manufacture Acetaldehyde and Acetic acid with the primary raw material being Ethyl alcohol. This was procured from the local sugar factories in India. Subsequently, Laxmi expanded over the years in terms of volume of production as well as its product portfolio. Today, Laxmi is among India’s largest players in the Acetyls space with the capacity to produce 120,000 tons of Ethyl Acetate annually. We also have capacity to produce 30,000 tons per year of Acetaldehyde."
Invesco,4.2,(221 Reviews),Private,"Atlanta,Atlanta + 5 more",88 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With an average asset base of over INR 55,622 crores (for the quarter ending December 2021), Invesco Asset Management (India) aims to serve the investment needs of individual investors, corporate, and institutions through mutual funds and sub-advised portfolios. Our product portfolio is managed by individually focused management teams to create optimum balance and results. We are committed to providing financial care and top-class service. We subscribe to sustainable business models and processes that factor in the dynamism of the business in fast-changing market scenarios. Investors can expect best-in-class investment products that will leverage our expertise and global resources of Invesco."
Myk Laticrete,4.1,(221 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 35 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MYK LATICRETE is a leading corporate, bringing contemporary world standards to the tile and stone installation & maintenance industry in India. The company addresses critical needs, and challenges conventional methodology to provide the industry with the widest range of adhesives, grouts, waterproofing, stone care products and wall putty. A strong, customer-focused approach and a constant quest for impeccable quality has enabled MYK LATICRETE sustain leadership through innovation among its business associates and architects network equally by successfully completed demanding projects across India and SAARC countries."
Alcon,4.3,(221 Reviews),Public,"Fort Worth,Texas + 29 more",78 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Alcon is the global leader in eye care, dedicated to helping people see brilliantly. With our 70-plus-year heritage, we are the largest eye care device company in the world – with complementary businesses in Surgical and Vision Care. Being a truly global company, we work in over 70 countries and serve patients in more than 140 countries. We have a long history of industry firsts, and each year we commit a substantial amount in Research and Development to meet customer needs and patient demands."
Carl Zeiss,3.8,(221 Reviews),Private,Stuttgart + 23 more,14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ZEISS is an internationally leading technology enterprise operating in the fields of optics and optoelectronics. In the previous fiscal year, the ZEISS Group generated annual revenue totaling more than 5.8 billion euros in its four segments Industrial Quality & Research, Medical Technology, Consumer Markets and Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology (status: 30 September 2018).

For its customers, ZEISS develops, produces and distributes highly innovative solutions for industrial metrology and quality assurance, microscopy solutions for the life sciences and materials research, and medical technology solutions for diagnostics and treatment in ophthalmology and microsurgery. The name ZEISS is also synonymous with the world's leading lithography optics, which are used by the chip industry to manufacture semiconductor components. There is global demand for trendsetting ZEISS brand products such as eyeglass lenses, camera lenses and binoculars.

With a portfolio aligned with future growth areas like digitalization, healthcare and Smart Production and a strong brand, ZEISS is shaping the future far beyond the optics and optoelectronics industries. The company's significant, sustainable investments in research and development lay the foundation for the success and continued expansion of ZEISS'​ technology and market leadership.

With approximately 30,000 employees, ZEISS is active globally in almost 50 countries with around 60 of its own sales and service companies, more than 30 production sites and around 25 development sites. Founded in 1846 in Jena, the company is headquartered in Oberkochen, Germany. The Carl Zeiss Foundation, one of the largest foundations in Germany committed to the promotion of science, is the sole owner of the holding company, Carl Zeiss AG."
Toothsi,2.5,(221 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 12 more",5 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Karvy Innotech,3.1,(221 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 32 more",11 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"The technology landscape is changing rapidly, disrupting existing businesses and altering entire marketplaces. Enterprises must adapt to these dynamic changes and integrate the latest innovations into their IT infrastructures or risk being left behind by nimbler competitors."
Novateur Electri...,4.0,(221 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 53 more,39 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Since 1984, Numeric has been enabling its clients to optimize their business with top notch power solutions that promise seamless and clean power with controlled environmental footprints. Defining Numeric’s vast support ecosystem are 5 world-class manufacturing units, 255+ accessible service locations and 900+ trained field technicians. Being ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 and SA 8000:2008 OHSAS 18001:2007 certified fuels our credibility further.

Being part of Legrand Group since 2012, Numeric is now truly a GLOCAL company – ‘global’ expertise with deep ‘local’ market knowledge. With this knowledge, Numeric has succeeded in building a credible clientele base spread across different domains like BFSI, Government, Telecom, Healthcare, IT/ITES, Datacentres, Process Industries and SOHO. Apart from being the leading UPS manufacturer, it is Numeric’s consistent endeavour to be partners in our clients’ success stories."
Agilent Technolo...,4.3,(236 Reviews),Private,"Santa Clara,California + 12 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Analytical scientists and clinical researchers worldwide rely on Agilent to help fulfill their most complex laboratory demands. Our instruments, software, services and consumables address the full range of scientific and laboratory management needs—so our customers can do what they do best: improve the world around us.

Whether a laboratory is engaged in environmental testing, academic research, medical diagnostics, pharmaceuticals, petrochemicals or food testing, Agilent provides laboratory solutions to meet their full spectrum of needs. We work closely with customers to help address global trends that impact human health and the environment, and to anticipate future scientific needs. Our solutions improve the efficiency of the entire laboratory, from sample prep to data interpretation and management."
Konecranes,4.0,(220 Reviews),Private,Hyvinkää + 9 more,48 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Konecranes is a world-leading group of Lifting Businesses™, serving a broad range of customers, including manufacturing and process industries, shipyards, ports and terminals. Konecranes provides productivity enhancing lifting solutions as well as services for lifting equipment of all makes. The Group has 18,000 employees at 600 locations in 50 countries. Konecranes class A shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki (symbol: KCR)."
DEN Networks,4.0,(220 Reviews),Public,"Delhi,NCT + 26 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),DEN Networks Limited is India's leading cable TV distribution company reaching an estimated 13 million households in over 200 cities across India. The company has been one of the frontrunners in the digitisation process and has over 5 million digital cable subscribers.
Kcc Buildcon,4.2,(220 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 35 more",14 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"KCC Buildcon Pvt. Ltd. is an ISO 9001:2015 certified company incorporated with the ROC (Delhi and Haryana) in the year 2009 with the objective to take over the running business of M/S Kundu Construction Co. a partnership firm established in the year 1999. Quality, Integrity and Honesty sets KCC apart from any other commercial road contraction company. We understand the importance of each and every road/highways project. From small tenement renovations to multi-crores projects, we give all client personalized attention that every project requir"
Adani Gas,3.9,(220 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 46 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Adani Gas is developing City Gas Distribution (CGD) Networks to supply the Piped Natural Gas (PNG) to the Industrial, Commercial, Domestic (residential) and Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) to the transport sector. Natural Gas is a convenient, reliable and environment friendly fuel that allows consumers to enjoy a high level of safety, convenience and economic efficiency.

The company has already set up city gas distribution networks in Ahmedabad and Vadodara in Gujarat, Faridabad in Haryana and Khurja in Uttar Pradesh. In addition, the development of Allahabad, Chandigarh, Ernakulam, Panipat, Daman, Dharwad, and Udhamsingh Nagar gas distribution is awarded to consortium of Adani Gas Ltd and Indian Oil Corporation Ltd."
Roop Automotives,4.4,(220 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 5 more",33 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Incorporated in 1990, Roop Automotives Ltd. is one of the largest OEM suppliers of auto components like steering yokes, automotive spare part, differential housings, connecting rods, proportionating valves, auto steering parts, auto part, safety automotive parts, auto spare part, auto spare part."
Unitech,4.0,(220 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 18 more",52 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1971 by a group of technocrats, Unitech Limited is one of India's leading Real Estate player. It started business as a consultancy firm for soil and foundation engineering and has grown to have the most diversified product mix in real estate comprising of world-class commercial complexes, IT/ITes parks, SEZs, integrated residential developments, schools, hotels, malls, golf courses and amusement parks.
So far Unitech has built more than 100 residential projects. Nirvana Country in Gurgaon is an integrated development complete with villas, apartments, offices, retail spaces, schools and clubs. Vista Villas, in Greenwood City, is a vast spread of landscaped meadows with villas of magical Mediterranean flair. These spacious homes on varying plot sizes are designed to be elegant as well as functional and blend perfectly into the green surroundings. Unitech continues to build hallmark and luxurious living spaces pan India. Karma Lakelands, nestled amidst pristine surroundings and breathtaking beauty, is spread over approximately 300 acres of nature. Nirvana Country 2, ensconced in the pristine locales of Sohna Road Gurgaon, is a highly sought after 100 acre integrated township. The Unitech Golf and Country Club, which offers 347 acres of ultra-luxury living with unparalleled views of a signature golf course, just off the expressway in Noida, is one of the upcoming prestigious address."
TELUS Internatio...,4.1,(220 Reviews),Pasig City + 6 more,18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Fueling any stage of company growth, TELUS International delivers integrated customer experience and digital services solutions to some of the world’s most disruptive brands from fast-growing tech, financial services and fintech, games, travel and hospitality, and healthcare industries. 

The company's solutions cover customer experience, digital transformation, IT lifecycle, advisory services and digital consulting, risk management, and back-office support. In addition to our global service delivery capabilities, our multi-shore, multi-language programs offer safe, secure infrastructure, value-based pricing, skills-based resources and exceptional customer service – all backed by TELUS, our multi-billion dollar telecommunications parent."
Easyday Club,4.5,(220 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 62 more",15 years old,1-10 Employees (India),N/A,"Easyday Club is a reimagined neighborhood food and grocery store that is driven by local communities and serves a modern, personal and Indian shopping experience to its members.

From the house of Big Bazaar, comes Easyday Club - your trusted pados ki dukaan, with a world of benefits for every member. For the local community of loyal members, it is your Naye Andaaz Wale Apne Pados Ki Dukaan, with a world of benefits for every member."
Yum!,4.2,(1.9k Reviews),Private,"Colonel Sanders Lane,Louisville + 24 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Yum! Brands, Inc., based in Louisville, Kentucky, has over 49,000 restaurants in more than 145 countries and territories primarily operating the company’s restaurant brands – KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell – global leaders of the chicken, pizza and Mexican-style food categories. Worldwide, the Yum! Brands system opens over eight new restaurants per day on average, making it a leader in global retail development. In 2018, Yum! Brands was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index and ranked among the top 100 Best Corporate Citizens by Corporate Responsibility Magazine. In 2019, Yum! Brands was named to the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index for the second consecutive year.

Since our spin-off from PepsiCo in 1997, we’ve become a truly global company led by over 2,000 world-class franchisees. In 2016, we successfully spun off our China business as an independent, publicly traded company and announced our Recipe for Growth, our multi-year growth strategy to become more focused, more franchised and more efficient.

Our Recipe for Growth strategy includes four growth drivers and is the foundation on which our sustainable, long-term results are built. These drivers will allow us to keep our promises to serve delicious food, make our food accessible to customers, give employees a place to grow and make a difference, offer opportunities for franchisees and deliver strong returns and long-term value. These growth capabilities are the key drivers of same-store sales and net-new unit growth and serve as our guiding principles in all business decisions."
Dynacons Systems...,3.9,(219 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 45 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd. is an IT company with global perspectives with its headquarters at Mumbai and branches all over India.

Established in 1995, Dynacons undertakes all activities related to IT infrastructure including infrastructure design and consulting services, turnkey systems integration of large Network and Data Centre infrastructures including supply of associated equipment and software, onsite and remote facilities management of multi location infrastructure of domestic clients. The Company has built a strong customer base, variety of talent and a competent service delivery infrastructure.

Dynacons Enterprise Services offerings include a wide spectrum of Enterprise IT and Office Automation Services including Infrastructure Managed Services, Breakfix Services, Managed print Services, cloud Computing, Systems Integration Services, and Applications Development and Maintenance The Company provides end-to-end technology and technology related services to corporations across industry verticals. The Company was deep domain knowledge across industry sectors and technology expertise across traditional and new age technologies."
Gokaldas Exports,3.9,(219 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 12 more",44 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Gokaldas Exports is the One Stop Shop for the world's most acclaimed brands. It is the largest manufacturer and exporter of apparels in India with an annual turnover of US$200 Million. 25,000 people across 23 manufacturing units work to ensure that whatever the global trend, Gokaldas Exports is always in Fashion."
IMS People,3.7,(219 Reviews),Private,Ahmedabad + 17 more,17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"IMS People is an Offshore Recruitment Services company. We help staffing firms globally with our extensive range of tailored services. From recruitment & administrative services to accounting support, property preservation services and bespoke one-off creative solutions, we empower our clients to gain a commercial advantage in their marketplaces.
 
We partner with over 150 different staffing brands across the UK, Europe, Australia, North America, New Zealand, Middle East, and Africa. Our support helps them to efficiently increase their fill rates, strengthen customer loyalty, lower internal costs and enhance profitability. 
 
Our dedication to excellence is shared by our team of over 1,100 employees, who operate 24/7 to deliver an exceptional service for your business. We explore new ideas and generate long-term solutions for our clients. As a part of our commitment to deliver at the highest quality, we closely adhere to, and constantly monitor, changes in regulatory control in order to ensure our services meet the latest legal requirements worldwide. IMS People is a GDPR compliant and ISO 9001:2015, ISMS ISO/IEC 27001:2013 and Cyber Essentials certified organization. 
 
We are a part of the highly regarded Empresaria Group plc UK that operates in more than 19 countries with over 100 offices and listed on the London stock exchange."
AIS Glass Soluti...,3.8,(219 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 26 more,39 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Asahi India Glass Ltd. (AIS) is India's leading integrated glass solutions company and a dominant player both in the automotive and architectural glass segments. It commands over 70% market share in the Indian passenger car glass market. 

Established in 1984, AIS's footprint today spans the entire spectrum of the automotive and architectural glass value chains. AIS provides end to end solutions right from the manufacturing of glass, processing, fabrication and installation services. We cater to customers in domestic and international markets.

The company's origin can be traced to the JV agreement between the Labroo family, Asahi Glass Co. Ltd. (AGC), Japan and Maruti Suzuki India Ltd. in 1984. As a promoter group, the three entities jointly hold about 55% of the paid-up equity capital of AIS with the balance 45% being held by the public. Listed on the National Stock Exchange and Bombay Stock Exchange, AIS epitomizes the highest standard of transparency, integrity and most importantly, trust - amongst its customers for whom AIS is a partner of choice, its employees and other stake holders."
Turtlemint,3.9,(219 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 49 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Turtlemint makes it easy to understand and buy insurance. Our intent is to “demystify” insurance by explaining the jargon in a simple way and providing smart tools to help a user make the right choice. A turtle shell is a metaphor for security and safety. That's what insurance is all about. A turtle is a symbol of wealth & long life in Indian and Eastern mythology. That's what we wish our customers. 

From search to purchase, the entire process can be completed online in just a few clicks!  We also have a team of friendly insurance advisors available on chat, phone, and in-person to help users with the purchase and claim services. We currently offer Car insurance, bike insurance,  health insurance & term life insurance."
Mungi Group,3.7,(219 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 4 more",39 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Since our inception in 1984, we’ve been bending the laws of machinery. And for 30 years, we have been joining hands to fabricate, innovate and carve success out of the raw. Today, we are ahead by many folds with 7 manufacturing units in Chakan, Nasik and Zaheerabad, and another upcoming 1.5 lac sq. ft. state of the art stamping and weld shop at Chakan.

As massive as the plants, the production at our manufacturing units speaks for itself. The thrust required for Mungi to stay ahead is delivered with the help of our innovative technology. As we march ahead with time and trust, we look forward to increase our production and conquer bigger markets globally. We believe in stretching out to larger markets and widen our spectrum when it comes to the production processes. We at Mungi aim at going further and growing further.

And to define this remarkable growth, we have made a mark in the international market as Mungi Group recently got an approval as the strategic vendor for an MNC having 62 plants and 12 brands globally. We have also started export to a German Trailer manufacturer who has more than 60% market share in Europe. Our innovations are a result of this growth. Being ordinary doesn’t define us, hence, we have developed load bodies without CO2 welding, resulting in better quality & productivity."
Angelique Intern...,4.4,(219 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 12 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Angelique International Limited Incorporated in Year 1996 and has grown phenomenally in this short span. The company turnover nearing US$250 million.
Angelique’s operations are focused on several rapidly growing economies for setting up turnkey projects as under:
-Multilateral funding viz. World Bank, Asian Development Bank, African Development Bank and United Nations
-Bilateral Credits from Government to Government routed through Export Import Bank of India
-Supplier’s credit – arranged for specific projects.
-Buyer’s own funds"
Indian Overseas ...,3.6,(219 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 59 more",86 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Indian Overseas Bank is a major public sector bank based in Chennai, India, with about 3,400 domestic branches, about 6 foreign branches and representative office. Founded in February 1937 by Shri. M. Ct"
GAVS Technologie...,4.2,(219 Reviews),Private,"Princeton,New Jersey + 9 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GAVS Technologies (GAVS) is a global IT services & solutions provider enabling digital transformation through infrastructure solutions. Our services include automation led infrastructure services, enabled by smart machines, AIOps and DevOps. GAVS’ focus is steered to improve user experience by 10X and reduce resource utilization by 40%, and strengthen governance & transformation through security, cloud orchestration, risk & governance."
SoftwareONE,3.9,(219 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 15 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SoftwareONE is a leading global provider of end-to-end software and cloud technology solutions, headquartered in Switzerland. With capabilities across the entire value chain, it helps companies design and implement their technology strategy, buy the right software and cloud solutions at the right price, and manage and optimize their software estate. Its offerings are connected by PyraCloud, SoftwareONE’s proprietary digital platform, that provides customers with data-driven, actionable intelligence. With around 5,300 employees and sales and service delivery capabilities in 90 countries, SoftwareONE provides around 65,000 business customers with software and cloud solutions from over 7,500 publishers. SoftwareONE’s shares (SWON) are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange."
ESDS Software So...,4.1,(219 Reviews),Private,"Nashik,Maharashtra + 10 more",18 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Founded in 2005 by first generation entrepreneur Piyush Somani, ESDS is one of India’s leading Managed Data Center Service and Auto-Scalable Cloud Solution provider. ESDS has already moved aggressively in the direction of becoming India’s No.1 Cloud Hosting Company, establishing a huge clientele.

ESDS has expertise in Managed Data Center Services, Managed Cloud Solutions, Virtualization and Disaster Recovery Hosting, which is backed with exuberant Technical Support that has helped ESDS build lifetime relationships with customers."
Mothers Recipe,4.2,(219 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 41 more",122 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Company was established in the year 1901 by the founder late Shri. H.V. Desai and over the last 11 decades, his sons and grandsons through their adventurous spirit, industrious efforts, unstinted devotion and dynamic vision have progressively contributed to sustained growth and development of Bidi business now carried in the name of Desai Brothers Ltd., with administrative head quarter at Pune and branches at various places in India. The Company enjoys the coveted reputation of being one of the largest manufacturers of high quality Bidis in India. The Company employs more than 1, 25,000 workers and over 1,500 managerial and administrative personnel, operating at various levels. The marketing network of the Company is spread over in the states of northern, western, central and southern India. Company have also launched Namkeen products by the Brand name Pitaara in 2013 which has received good response from the market. The Company has also diversified into various businesses like Wind Power Generation, Finance & Investment and Hotel Industry."
Amrit Cement,4.0,(219 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 16 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Set up & promoted by first generation entrepreneurs more than a decade ago, Amrit Cement today is one of North-East’s leading manufacturers of cement, with its registered office in Meghalaya, corporate office in Kolkata and a strong foothold in North-East India. We are present in one of the fastest growing markets, with state-of-the-art equipment with key infrastructure in place. .

Amrit’s crowning glory is its high-quality product range, which includes Ordinary Portland Cement (OPC) of 43 & 53 grades and Portland Pozzolana Cement (PPC). As a company, we have production of 1.0 MTPA clinker and projected capacity of 3.0 MTPA clinker – which puts us in the league with established players in the area we operate in.

We are driven by not just our core business of producing superior quality cement, but also the desire to create a positive impact in people’s lives, as well as the environment. Hence, along with world-class labs for quality control, we have a built-in, self-regulating mechanism to encourage a positive impact on the environment, employees, local communities and stakeholders. Sustainability initiatives form a major part of our corporate social responsibility policy and strive to improve living conditions in surrounding areas."
National Stock E...,3.9,(338 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 23 more",31 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The National Stock Exchange of India Limited is a leading stock exchange of India and is one of the largest stock exchange in the world in terms of daily turnover and number of trades, for both equities and derivative trading as per the World Federation of Exchanges."
Talbros,3.8,(259 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 11 more",67 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Talbros Automotive Components Ltd., the flagship manufacturing company of the Group was established in the year 1956 to manufacture Automotive & Industrial Gaskets in collaboration with Coopers Payen of UK.Today, after 58 successful years, Talbros stands proud and tall as a mother brand of Gaskets & Heat Shields, Forgings, Suspension Systems & Modules, Anti Vibration components and Hoses.Talbros Group has strong partnerships formed with global giants. Notable among the joint venture partners are Nippon Leakless Corporation- Japan, Magneti Marelli- Italy, Marugo Rubber- Japan and technology partners are Sanwa Packaging – Japan and Interface Solutions – USA.While our symbiotic relationship with our Global partners have kept us abreast with innovations within the field, our long and fruitful association with them bears witness to the trust and solidarity that Talbros name is synonymous with.Our Research & Development Centres showcase our design capabilities including endurance, static and simulated environment testing. Today, our manufacturing prowess spans over 5 business and 8 facilities.The largest OEMs like Ashok Leyland, Bajaj Auto, Cummins Group, Eicher India, Escorts Group, Force Motors, General Motors, Hero Honda, Honda, Hyundai, John Deere, Mahindra & Mahindra, Maruti Suzuki, Suzuki, TAFE, Tata Motors, Tata Cummins, Simpsons and international corporates like Carraro, DANA, KMP Brand, Maxi Force, GKN Driveline are our proud customers.The Group companies are TS 16949, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 certified. Our team takes the quest for quality very seriously. For every piece that is manufactured, quality standards are strictly adhered to and industry benchmarks often set."
GMR Hyderabad In...,4.0,(218 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 9 more",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"GMR Hyderabad International Airport Limited (GHIAL) is a company promoted as a joint venture comprising the GMR Group (63%) in partnership with Airports Authority of India (AAI) (13%), Government of Telangana (13%) and Malaysia Airports Holdings Berhad (11%). The strategically located, Rajiv Gandhi International Airport at Hyderabad is well set to establish the city prominently on the global aviation map, thereby contributing to the prosperity, growth and all round economic development of the region."
L&T Valves,3.8,(218 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 7 more",62 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"L&T valves are designed by specialists with deep understanding of industry requirements and practices, using state-of-the-art design and analysis software. The company has a series of successful innovations to its credit, including mission-critical solutions for defence and aerospace industries"
ADNOC,4.6,(218 Reviews),Private,"Abu Dhabi,Abu Dhabi + 6 more",52 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We operate across the entire hydrocarbon value chain, through a network of fully-integrated businesses, with interests that range from exploration, production, storage, refining and distribution, to the development of a wide-range of petrochemical products.
For over 46 years, we have played an integral role in Abu Dhabi’s economic development, managing, producing and preserving the Emirate’s hydrocarbon reserves on behalf of the Abu Dhabi Government. We are the principle catalyst of growth in the Emirate, and our work has had a positive and lasting impact on the quality of millions of lives. Since 1971, we have created thousands of jobs, driven the growth of a diverse knowledge-based economy, and played a key role in Abu Dhabi’s global emergence.
Today, we continue to look for new and innovative ways to maximize the value of our resources, pioneering those approaches and technologies that will ensure we are able to meet the demands of an ever-changing energy market, and continue to have a positive impact on the Abu Dhabi economy for generations to come."
National Organic...,4.2,(218 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 10 more",48 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"NOCIL‘s involvement in the Rubber chemicals business spans over 4 decades. We are one of the few players in this business to offer wide range of rubber chemicals to suit the customer needs. Due to our rich experience and offering a one stop shop to customers, NOCIL is today acknowledged as a dependable supplier of rubber chemicals. Globally we are recognised for our technical capabilities and on this aspect alone, NOCIL enjoys an edge over other players in this business. NOCIL today is the Largest Rubber Chemicals Manufacturer in India with the State of the Art Technology for the manufacture of rubber chemicals. Our brands PILFLEX® Antidegradants, PILNOX® Antioxidants, PILCURE® Accelerators, Post Vulcanization Stabilizer and PILGARD® Pre Vulcanization Inhibitor are well recognised in both domestic as well as international markets. NOCIL has set up new manufacturing facility at Dahej in Gujarat, with a much improved process technology to strengthen our position in the field of Rubber Chemicals. The said facility has started its commercial operations in FY 2012-13. NOCIL LIMITED is a part of the AMG (Arvind Mafatlal Group) of Industries, a well-known Business House of India having diversified business interests. NOCIL commenced Rubber Chemicals production in the year 1975. Situated in a designated ‘Chemicals Zone’ about 40 km away from Mumbai City; NOCIL today is the Largest Rubber Chemicals Manufacturer in India with the State of the Art Technology for the manufacture of PILFLEX ® Antidegradants, PILNOX ® Antioxidants, PILCURE ® Accelerators, Post Vulcanization Stabilizer and PILGARD ® Pre Vulcanization Inhibitor. We at NOCIL Limited are committed to be a World Class, Customer Focused, Innovative Organization in the field of Rubber Chemicals and partner of choice to all our customers across the globe."
Cashify,3.8,(218 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 24 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Cashify offers an online platform which facilitates buy back service of used gadgets. Service is rendered to both individual customers and enterprises like Flipkart. Platform helps discover the right price of the gadget being sold based on different attributes such as age, damage, functionality. Once the price is determined, pickup can be scheduled and payment is made when the gadget is picked up."
Kores,3.9,(218 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 27 more",87 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Incorporated in 1936, Kores is among India’s most trusted and respected brands. As a highly diversified business conglomerate, Kores India Ltd. operates across multiple industry verticals. From office products to pharmaceuticals, foundry to engineering infrastructure and business automation products to textiles, our company is renowned for offerings that deliver high value.Since inception, Kores has focused on maintaining integrity, creating customer delight and fulfilling social responsibilities, and these are key factors that have powered our enduring success. Our continuous investments in state-of-the-art technology, training and our people, combined with strategic initiatives have enabled us to pioneer market trends as well as establish and maintain market leadership consistently over the years.Carrying forward our rich 83-year-old legacy, our team of over 2,000 people remains committed to delivering value for every customer."
Buzzworks Busine...,3.9,(218 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 39 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"BUZZWORKS™ Business Services operates as two distinct entities in Services and Software.

We are Buzzworks. Established in 2001, we take up customers payroll and compliance loads under a single window.

We pride ourselves in coming up with solutions that are on time, within budget & executed well.
At BUZZWORKS™, we have a positive and vibrant work environment that’s a mix of fun and work leading to a good work-life balance.

We believe in balancing personal and organisational growth. If we take care of our people, they will take care of the customers.

We celebrate every success – motivating employees to do even better. Failure is also tolerated in the context of pushing the boundaries of value, service or innovation.

We empower our employees to chart out their own roles and responsibilities. This company enables you to write your own paychecks.

Exemplary work is recognized and rewarded. Motivational and soft-skills trainings are imparted to employees continuously.

We offer full spectrum health coverage and benefits to all our core employees."
CSC UK,3.9,(218 Reviews),Private,London + 21 more,64 years old,N/A,"The Commonwealth Scholarship Commission in the UK (CSC) provides the main UK government scholarship scheme led by international development objectives. The CSC is an executive non-departmental public body, sponsored by the Department for International Development (DFID).

The CSC operates within the framework of the Commonwealth Scholarship and Fellowship Plan (CSFP) and is a vivid demonstration of the UK’s enduring commitment to the Commonwealth.

By supporting innovators and leaders of the future from across the Commonwealth, and by attracting outstanding talent to Britain’s universities, our work combines sustainable development with the UK national interest.

We use rigorous procedures to ensure that our programmes promote equity and inclusion, reward merit, and deliver widespread access, especially to those from disadvantaged backgrounds.

DFID is our lead department and main sponsor, funding awards exclusively for candidates from low and middle income countries. We also receive financial contributions from the Department for Education (DfE), for scholarships for candidates from high income countries, and the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS), for fellowships for postdoctoral researchers."
Novac Technology...,3.9,(218 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 14 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NOVAC is a company built on the determination, tenacity, and an indomitable entrepreneurial spirit. We have retained these qualities and have helped turn us into one of the leading business solution providers.

Our expertise in handling the technological backbone of a sizeable BFSI organization, coupled with strong domain knowledge, helps us understand the financial services and insurance industry's fundamental workings. The robust and battle-tested digital enterprise solutions have a unique ability to transform any BFSI/Retail organization from the ground up at an effective and reliable after-sales service. We bring in differentiation in products and services, distribution, relationship, and reputation."
Ciena,4.4,(218 Reviews),Private,"Hanover,Maryland + 8 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ciena is a networking systems, services, and software company. We help our clients build more adaptive networks in response to the constantly changing demands of their users-businesses and consumers alike. We do this by delivering best-in-class networking technology through high-touch consultative relationships, backed by 26 years of experience in building the world's most complex networks.

From our founding, Ciena has always been a pioneer in the networking industry. Coupled with innovation, our growth and success have been built on our ability to partner with clients - delivering the solutions they require to evolve their networks. What they demand today is changing, driven by changing end-user behavior. 

End-users want more capacity, more content, and more flexibility while also demanding less overhead, less complication and less cost. Our clients and their networks must transform. Ciena is the best partner to guide them through this transformation to build a more intelligent and adaptive network. 

Only Ciena has the depth of expertise and the culture of collaboration and partnership required to help clients evolve. We do this by strategically integrating hardware, services, and software in an open environment to ensure our clients' networks are 'fit for flexibility' today and into the future."
McAfee,4.0,(223 Reviews),Private,"Santa Clara,California + 7 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"McAfee is the device-to-cloud cybersecurity company. Inspired by the power of working together, McAfee creates enterprise and consumer solutions that make our world a safer place for the benefit of all. Our holistic, automated, and open security platform and cloud-first approach to building security solutions allow all your products to coexist, communicate, and share threat intelligence with each other anywhere in the digitallandscape. Where machine automation is converged with human intelligence so you can streamline workflows more efficiently. Where your team is freed from unnecessary operational burden and is empowered to strategically fight adversaries. Where you can orchestrate all things security on premises and in the cloud through a single management system. Where all your security products adapt to new threats skillfully and work synergistically to increase protection—and speed up detection and correction across the entire threat defense lifecycle."
Intercontinental...,3.9,(217 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 39 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Intercontinental Consultants and Technocrats’ momentous journey started in 1987 from a very modest set up in New Delhi. Mr.Kiran Kumar Kapila started the Company with a seed of Rs. 200,000 in 1987-88 when infrastructure consultancy was little known in India. The pioneering initiative has seen ICT grow to a turnover of nearly Rs 2.89 Billion in 2018-19, growing at the rate of ~8.57% CAGR, over the last 10 years. ICT was one of the first to take up infrastructure projects in developing countries under difficult geographical and political conditions, e.g., Mongolia, Afghanistan, Sierra Leone, etc.

Over a span of 32 years the Company has achieved significant diversification on sectoral basis with highways being the core and a strong presence in other infrastructure sectors. It has undertaken 700+ consultancy assignments in 47 countries across the globe."
Reliance Fresh,4.4,(217 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 54 more,17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Reliance Retail started its journey in 2006 with the opening of its first Reliance Fresh store. Today Reliance Retail operates 621 Reliance Fresh and Reliance Smart stores and sells over 200 metric tonnes of Fruits and over 300 metric tonnes of Vegetables every day.

Reliance Fresh is India’s leading neighbourhood retail chain, synonymous with freshness & savings. With the three core promises of Fresh Hamesha, Available Hamesha and Savings Hamesha, Reliance Fresh is a one-stop-shop for fresh shopping, fresh savings and fresh happiness.

From fresh fruits & vegetables to dairy, cereals to spices, processed food & beverages to home & personal care products, we have the entire gamut of your grocery needs covered.

Across our stores, we retain a strong customer centric approach to meet all your shopping needs - be it routine or seasonal, well known brands or popular local products.

Continuing Reliance’s hallowed tradition of backward integration, Reliance Retail directly partners with a large number of farmers and small vendors in a farm-to-fork model. The linkages with the farm has brought about transformational changes in the quality of life of the farmers as also enhancing the quality of produce, reducing wastage by shortening the time to move fresh produce and reducing intermediaries in the value chain thereby benefiting all."
LearningMate Sol...,4.0,(217 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 2 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"LearningMate is a technology company offering domain expertise in teaching and learning solutions - leveraging digital, cloud, process automation, data, and strong learning design principles."
Accion Labs,3.8,(217 Reviews),Private,"Bridgeville,Pennsylvania + 8 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Accion Labs is a global technology services firm with specialized focus on servicing enterprise and technology firms in the emerging  technologies such as Web 2.0, SAAS, Cloud, eBusiness, Mobile, social media, open-source and BI/DW.

Accion Labs offers a range of engagement models such as - professional staffing (contract, contract-to-perm, direct perm), turn-key/T&M/collaborative projects and offshore-leveraged projects/extended team models. 

Whichever be the engagement model, we follow a tool-centric, outcome-focused and action-oriented engagement approach."
Origo Commoditie...,4.1,(217 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 44 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Origo Commodities, a complete post-harvest management services for agricultural commodities, is the fastest growing company in its sector.Our end-to-end solutions for procurement, handling, preserving, storing and financing farm produce, ensure efficiency and value creation for buyers and sellers at every stage of the commodity supply chain.With half of our procurement directly from farmers and a strong focus on awareness and infrastructure creation we seek to include primary producer communities in our transformational growth path."
CMR Green Techno...,4.0,(217 Reviews),Public,"Faridabad,Haryana + 15 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Century Metal Recycling (CMR), is India’s largest producer of Aluminium and Zinc die-casting alloys with a combined annual capacity of over approx 300,000 MT. Since its inception, it has maintained its fast-paced growth by leveraging the latest technology and continuous improvement.

CMR commenced its business in 2006, when it put up a state-of-the-art technology plant at Tatarpur, near New Delhi. The plant deployed sophisticated technologies such as twin-shaft shredder, eddy current separator, high-capacity melting furnaces with metal circulation pump, de-coater, etc. CMR Group is presently operating through ten manufacturing plants including 4 plants under two Joint Ventures with renowned Japanese companies, Toyota Tsusho Corporation and Nikkei MC Aluminium. Recently, CMR has also put up 11th manufacturing plant under 50-50 joint venture with Chiho Environmental Group Limited to engage in the collection, segregation processing, recycling and treatment of all types of secondary metal raw material."
TOPS,3.8,(217 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 29 more",39 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Today, the path-breaking spirit of Mr.B. M. Seth and Mrs. Chand Seth has brought immense popularity to Tops all over India, and in as many as 25 countries around the world. Changing lifestyles support demand for convenience foods. A simple statement, but as we steadily march on the path towards development, it holds so true. The trend towards smaller households, higher women participation in the workforce, and also an increasing number of bachelors and one-parent households, are contributing to an erosion of traditional patterns of eating. Food companies are coming up with new products that require little time but still evoke the aura of home cooking.

Therefore, the trend towards the sale of complete meals to be consumed at home is becoming increasingly evident, meeting consumer demands for convenience.

Luckily for us, agricultural production and food processing account for 30 percent of India's GDP and employ more than 70 per cent of its workforce. India is the second largest producer of fruits in the world after Brazil. In vegetables, India's production is exceeded only by that of China. Exploitation of this potential can bring about an era of prosperity, with the right mix of employment generation and profits. In this scenario, ""The food processing industry will be one of the hinges of the Indian economy""."
Gilbarco Veeder ...,3.8,(217 Reviews),Private,Greensboro + 28 more,158 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Gilbarco Veeder-Root is the global leader in technology solutions, from the forecourt to the c-store. At Gilbarco, we're the industry leader because we understand the fueling industry, our customers and what today's business needs demand. No other company delivers our level of expertise. Gilbarco designs with our customers in mind, relentlessly innovating to create forward-thinking, truly integrated products that work well now and in the future. When you choose Gilbarco, you're working with the best minds in the business, and getting the proven expertise and technology designed to make your life easier and your business more profitable."
Lloyd Insulation...,3.8,(217 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 20 more",65 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"As one of India’s leading companies offering End to End Industry Solutions, Lloyd Insulations have been in the business for 51 Years...Today, we are known as a One stop Multi disciplinary solution providers serving a wide spectrum of Industries on Turnkey basis.We specialize in Supplying, Contracting and Manufacturing of Insulation, Refractory, Pre-fabricated Panels, Pre-Engineered Buildings, Metallic Profiled sheets, Fire-proofing and Mechanical erection works."
MeritNation,3.4,(217 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 20 more",35 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"With millions of students across 9 countries, we are India's largest online learning portal for school children. We cater to the learning needs of school students of classes I-XII across leading educational boards.We realize that the learning needs of every student is unique based on her learning style,interests and past academic history,and understanding this is the key to making every student successful. At Meritnation, we believe that with technology we can transcend traditional boundaries and truly enable customized self paced learning.Our experienced team of educationists and technologists is passionate about changing the status quo and challenging one another continuously to provide a seamless product that empowers tomorrow's leaders.We have introduced numerous innovations in the area of content,delivery formats,reports,assessments,gamification techniques and many more. Having made a huge difference to the lives of lakhs of students,it will be our constant endeavour to be a worthy partner in their quest for excellence. Our promise remains the same- School Made Easy!"
Bosch Rexroth In...,4.2,(217 Reviews),Private,"Lohr A. Main,Bavaria + 12 more",22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Changing scenes on the theatre, production lines that automatically adapt to new products in the factory of the future, always sufficient power for moving slice gates that weigh several metric tons and mobile machines for narrow forest trails or the largest construction sites in the world: Creating movement is our driving force.
As a global partner, Bosch Rexroth supports mechanical and plant engineering challenges around the world with its cutting-edge technology and unique industry knowledge. More than 32,300 employees worldwide work on safe, efficient, intelligent and powerful solutions. For example, they help in the economical production of small batch sizes, or save energy while simultaneously raising productivity. With our cross-technology portfolio, digital services and comprehensive service, we are your partner for machines and plants. WE MOVE. YOU WIN."
Webskitters,4.6,(217 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 2 more",13 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Webskitters Technology Solutions Pvt. Ltd. is a globally renowned company that has introduced ground-breaking changes in the IT sector through its revolutionary methods and agile approaches. Being an ISO 9001:2015 certified company, Webskitters follows organized procedure and quality standards to deliver top-notch Web and Mobile App Design, Development and Digital Marketing and Artificial Intelligence services to its clientele situated across the world.

Being a decade-old company, Webskitters has achieved several milestones since its inception, for its great and worthy performance in the sector. Conferred with several globally renowned awards, which include- “Fastest 500 Asia Pacific Award”, “Fastest Growing Company Excellence Award”, “Pride of India Award” and “Best IT Place To Work Award”, Webskitters maintains its zeal to deliver nothing-less-than-the-best to its clients.

Hand-picking the best talents and resources from the industry, the company boasts its brilliant team with pride and also encourages them to adopt the latest technologies and methods, which helps in developing a superior range of services and elucidations for its clients. Webskitters operates from its offices located in the USA, UK, and India. It delivers the right kind of solutions for its clients and enables them to fulfil their expectations explicitly."
Bharat Oman Refi...,3.7,(217 Reviews),Public,"Bina,Madhya Pradesh + 15 more",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Bharat Oman Refineries Limited (BORL) is a joint venture company of Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) and Oman Oil Company S.A.O.C., Sultanate of Oman (OOC). Committed towards catering to the country’s fuel needs, BORL is engaged in crude procurement, crude oil refining & storage and despatch of petroleum products. The Company operates a six million metric tonnes per annum (MMTPA) capacity refinery in the hinterland at Bina, Madhya Pradesh and is well equipped to service the ever increasing fuel demands of Northern and Central India. Supported by an efficient crude receiving and storage terminal at Vadinar, Gujarat; the refinery gets uninterrupted crude supply by a cross country pipeline from Vadinar to Bina."
Intercontinental...,3.9,(217 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 39 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Intercontinental Consultants and Technocrats’ momentous journey started in 1987 from a very modest set up in New Delhi. Mr.Kiran Kumar Kapila started the Company with a seed of Rs. 200,000 in 1987-88 when infrastructure consultancy was little known in India. The pioneering initiative has seen ICT grow to a turnover of nearly Rs 2.89 Billion in 2018-19, growing at the rate of ~8.57% CAGR, over the last 10 years. ICT was one of the first to take up infrastructure projects in developing countries under difficult geographical and political conditions, e.g., Mongolia, Afghanistan, Sierra Leone, etc.

Over a span of 32 years the Company has achieved significant diversification on sectoral basis with highways being the core and a strong presence in other infrastructure sectors. It has undertaken 700+ consultancy assignments in 47 countries across the globe."
Zimetrics Techno...,4.7,(217 Reviews),"Pune,Maharashtra + 4 more",8 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Aludecor Laminat...,4.1,(217 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 27 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Since its inception in 2004, Aludecor Lamination Pvt. Ltd. has been commanding an unshaken trust in the industry, by dint of its die-hard commitment towards quality, innovation and customer delight. Aludecor is an end-to-end Indian Aluminium Composite Panel manufacturer, powered by cutting edge production facilities at Haridwar.

The entire best-in-class Aludecor product range is thus ‘Made in India’. Spread over 25000 square meters, the production units together have a production capacity of 5.5 million square meters per annum. Through its pan India presence and a 500 strong retail network covering more than 250 cities, the company caters to top national and international brands like Hyundai, KFC, Toyota, Samsung, Tanishq, Aditya Birla, Amul, Maruti, Jaguar, HDFC and a plethora of big names."
myGate,3.3,(217 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 16 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MyGate is building technology to simplify check-ins everywhere. Our flagship solution, launched in 2016, currently facilitates over 2 million check-in requests every day at thousands of gated premises across the 20+ cities in which we operate, and continues to show rapid growth. We’ve strengthened our commitment to information privacy by following GDPR guidelines, the global gold standard for data privacy.

We’re also working on/launched products to benefit the occupants, management and other stakeholders of the gated premises we work with, such as an ERP tool and a system for eCommerce players to better manage their deliveries.

Founded by ISB/IIM/IIT alumni, MyGate is headquartered in Bangalore, with offices in each of its markets across the country. Over the past few months, we’ve been named one of India’s Most Innovative Start-ups (by INC 42) and India’s Coolest Start-ups (by Business Today)."
Tube Investments...,4.1,(403 Reviews),Public,Chennai + 28 more,64 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Group traces its origins to 1898, when Dewan Bahadur A M Murugappa Chettiar went as an apprentice to Burma (now Myanmar). Quick to learn financial skills and Burmese, he realized he was destined to greater achievements; he founded a firm in Moulmein, a large port-city in Lower Burma. This grew into a prosperous family-owned business, with interests in Banking, Rubber and Trade, covering Malaya (Malaysia), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), Indonesia and Vietnam. The outbreak of the World War II and subsequent political upheavals in the region cut short the firm’s growth. While a good portion of its hard earned fortunes were lost, the family had the foresight to move significant assets to India; this financial prudence ensured that the business would rebound after the disaster. And rebound it did.

Back home in India, the Group had engaged in businesses like Rubber, Steel cabinets, Yarn and other traded goods. But the real major industrial opportunity came soon after Independence. Political Independence spawned Economic Independence: and AMM Murugappa Chettiar, Dewan Bahadur’s eldest son (and by then, head of the family) was quick to realise it. His vision was to start a business that would manufacture a product for the common man which they could sell in large numbers. Thus, in 1949, TI Cycles of India (TICI) was born in collaboration with TI of UK. It was the Group’s first of many successful Joint Ventures and also its first foray into large scale manufacturing. Later, as a measure of backward integration two more companies were formed: Tube Products of India (TPI) in 1955, to make steel tubes for bicycle frames and TI Diamond Chain (TIDC) in 1960 to make bicycle chains. Over a period of time these two businesses have moved up the value chain from bicycle parts to higher technology products.

In 1959, Tube Investments of India (TII) was formed by merging TI Cycles of India and Tube Products of India. TI Diamond Chain was merged with the parent company, in 2004. In 1962, the company saw a potential to leverage its engineering skills to address the market for roll formed metal products. So a new unit called TI Metal Forming was created to realize this potential; to this day it is recognized as the pioneer in this business."
Mahindra Insuran...,4.1,(217 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 63 more,19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MIBL was granted a Direct Broker's License by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) in May 2004, for undertaking direct insurance broking in Life and Non-Life businesses. In September 2011, MIBL was granted a Composite Broker licence by the IRDA, thus foraying into Reinsurance Broking business along with Direct Broking. As a Total Insurance Risk Solutions provider, MIBL plays an integral role in the Risk Management portfolio of customers."
IOT Infrastructu...,4.3,(216 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 23 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IOT Infrastructure & Energy Services Limited (IOT) is a technical and logistics solutions provider with domain expertise in Build Capabailities, Terminalling and Renewable Energy.Since our inception in 1997, we have combined the strength and reputation of our parent companies – Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOC), and Oiltanking GmbH, Germany – to provide customers with unparalleled logistics services and technical solutions in the Oil and Gas industry.We are a high growth company, with business presence in India and across the world. We follow globally benchmarked Health, Safety, Security and Environment (HSSE) practices. Our domain knowledge and experience contributes immensely to our deep understanding of the business sectors that we are present in.Our focus on achieving project completion within time and cost is ingrained in our organizational fabric. We have built our businesses on the firm foundation of innovation, quick implementation and continuous improvement to ensure that we are a global company with the knowledge of the pulse of local markets.In October 2018, OT GmbH set up a new wholly owned Oiltanking subsidiary in India: Oiltanking Infrastructure Services Pvt. Ltd. (OTISPL). The new company would explore new business fields in the gas (LPG & LNG) sector, as well as in the fast-growing chemical business, to examine additional options beyond the proven IOT model. In doing so, OT partners with rapidly expanding commercial companies such as BP, Shell, Reliance, and Nayara Energy."
Tagros Chemicals,3.6,(216 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 5 more",19 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Tagros is today one of India’s fast growing agrochemical companies. It’s the subsidiary of the centenary celebrating business conglomerate – The Jhaver Group. Tagros is the leading manufacturer of Synthetic Pyrethroids, Herbicides, Fungicides, Pesticide Intermediates and Special Formulations, producing 2,500 metric tons of active ingredients and exporting them to over 90 countries. Its state-of-the-art manufacturing and R&D facilities have enabled the company to consistently deliver world-class quality, meeting the stringent WHO and FAO specifications. The modest and unassuming corporate is the only Indian company to defend Permethrin under the EU Biocide Directive.

Tagros is committed to manufacture and supply products and intermediates for Agriculture, Public Health, Veterinary and other allied applications, conforming to National and International standards thus ensuring customer satisfaction.
Business philosophy of Tagros revolves around supply of quality products and services in a timely manner so that its customers always meet their business obligations and benefit from the association."
Kogta Financial,4.3,(216 Reviews),Public,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 69 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a progressive fast-growing retail-focussed, Non Banking Finance Company (NBFC). Incorporated in 1996 by a team of dynamic entrepreneurs - Shri Banwari Lal Kogta, Shri Bal Mukund Kogta and Shri Radha Krishan Kogta, we are currently steered by the next-generation meritocratic leaders including Arun Kogta (MD & CEO), Varun Kogta (ED & CFO) and Nayan Kogta (COO).For over 20 years, we have garnered deep experience in the asset finance business. We offer loans for the purchase of commercial vehicles, four-wheelers, tractor and disburse Loan Against Property (LAP) and Secured Business Loans to the SME/MSME segment."
S. M. Auto Engin...,3.5,(216 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 4 more",47 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"S.M Auto Engineering Pvt Ltd , a family owned company , commenced operations on 1976 as a light fabrication unit. Today SM Auto is TS 16949 & ISO 14001 certificated and has 8 independent manufacturing plants spread across Pune Region (Maharastra). Pithampur(Madhya Pradesh) and Chennai(Tamil Nadu). It has evolved into a system supplier capable of designing, developing and manufacturing components & assemblies and modules for the automotive industry. A Centralized product design, development & tool design office with all requisite CAD & Simulation Software's along with a modern tool room support the manufacturing plants.

Global Alliances 

Technical collaboration for Exhaust Systems with Eberspaecher Exhaust Technology GmbH & Co.KG, Germany for passenger cars, commercial & off-road vehicles.
Technical Collaboration with Oy Parlok Ab of Finland  for HDPE Spray Systems, Mudguards etc.,"
MN Dastur & Comp...,3.6,(216 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 9 more",68 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Unmatched knowledge of processes and technologies, result-oriented solutions, proficiency to design, engineer and manage projects of any type or scale, core competencies in integrated design and engineering consultancy from 'concept to completion' - is the hallmark of M. N. Dastur & Company (P) Ltd.
Founded in 1955 by the visionary Dr. Minu Nariman Dastur, Dastur is today one of the largest independent consulting engineering organisations in the world that enjoys a global reputation built on trust. The organisation has a multidisciplinary team of professionals with an in-depth understanding of the latest trends, combining creativity with initiatives.
Dastur is headquartered in Kolkata, India with offices in Düsseldorf in Germany, New Jersey in USA, Toronto in Canada, Tokyo in Japan, Abu Dhabi in UAE, and Manama in Bahrain. Indian operations include offices in Chennai, Mumbai, Bengaluru, New Delhi, Bhubaneswar, and Hyderabad.
In 2008, Dastur added a new dimension to its business offerings in the form of Dastur Business & Technology Consulting (DBTC), to focus on meeting emerging challenges in the rapidly changing global business and technology."""
LT Foods,4.4,(216 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 35 more",33 years old,201-500 Employees (India),LT FoodsLtd is an India-based company. The company is engaged in the manufacture and sale of rice under the brand DAAWAT. They also manufacture and market parboiled rice. Their product is marketed in more than 50 countries.
Satyam Venture E...,3.2,(216 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 6 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The perfect outsourcing solutions partner is an entity that addresses your technology and cycle time requirements and budget constraints, while ensuring the required quality, efficiency, reliability & last but certainly not the least, data confidentiality – exactly what Satyam Venture Engineering Services Pvt. Ltd. can be counted on to achieve on a consistent basis for you.
Satyam Venture Engineering Services (Satven) was established in the year 2000 with a singular focus & objective – to cater to the varied & complex design & engineering needs of the automotive industry. The company has today grown multifold to become one of India’s leading automotive engineering bureaus. Skilled human resources, consistent quality, broad knowledge base, strategic partner alliances, domain & subject matter expertise and strong customer relationships have been continuously propelling Satven’s growth into higher orbits.
Satven provides comprehensive solutions to the automotive industry that cover a wide range of engineering activities, including but not limited to Product Design & Development, Full Vehicle Crash, NVH, Durability, Value Analysis / Value Engineering (VA/VE), Dimensional Management, Sourcing, Manufacturing Engineering, Mechatronics, myriad non-linear and linear FEA, Competitive Benchmarking, Knowledge Based Engineering (KBE), Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) and Multi-Body Dynamics (MBD).
Satven is a truly global organization with engineering centers in Germany (Munich & Rüsselsheim) and India (Hyderabad & Chennai), sales & marketing offices in Detroit, Munich, Shanghai & Hiroshima and its corporate offices in Hyderabad."
NTT DATA Busines...,4.0,(216 Reviews),Hyderabad/Secunderabad + 13 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Nspira Managemen...,3.9,(216 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 23 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NSPIRA Management Services Pvt Ltd offers customized services to organizations that aim for professional excellence. NSPIRA is equipped with the wherewithal to assist businesses in various domains, including IT, Education, retail and the manufacturing sector.We provide end-to-end solutions for all your requirements, including Staffing, Organizational Development interventions, IT infrastructure, Sales & Marketing, Facilities Management, as well as the entire administrative function."
Religare,3.9,(1.8k Reviews),Public,"New Delhi,Delhi + 57 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Religare Broking Limited (RBL) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Religare Enterprises Limited (REL) and is one of the market leading securities firms in India serving over 10 lakh clients across both Offline and Online platforms. Through its extensive footprint extending to over 400 cities, the company offers broking services in Equity, Currency and Commodity (through its subsidiary Religare Commodities Limited) as well as depository participant services.RBL is a member of the NSE, BSE, and MSEI and a depository participant with NSDL and CDSL. RBL also offers TIN facilitation & PAN facility at select branches - a unique service to help an individual with PAN, TAN and TDS/TCS returns related requirements. In addition, RBL is an NSDL-appointed enrolment agency for Aadhaar UID (Unique Identification Number) and an AMFI-registered mutual fund distributor.The platform has been endorsed by various awards. The Head of Retail Distribution of RBL was conferred with the ‘Top Equity Personality of the Year’ award at The BSE Commodity Equity Outlook (CEO) Weekend Awards 2017. RBL was awarded the ‘Top Performer in New Account Opened (Non- Bank Category)’ at the NSDL Star Performer Awards 2017."
Essilor,4.0,(215 Reviews),Private,Charenton-le-Pont + 32 more,174 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Essilor Group has put its expertise at the service of good vision in designing, manufacturing and distributing quality products and services through innovative business models. Today we provide solutions to correct and protect the visual health of the 7.7 billion people in the world."
Stryker,4.2,(215 Reviews),Public,"Kalamazoo,Michigan + 13 more",82 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Stryker is one of the world’s leading medical technology companies and, together with our customers, is driven to make healthcare better. We offer innovative products and services in Orthopaedics, Medical and Surgical, and Neurotechnology and Spine that help improve patient and hospital outcomes.

At Stryker, quality is first in everything we do. We are driven to make healthcare better for our customers by providing innovative products and services that meet regulatory requirements through our effective quality system."
Owens Corning,4.1,(215 Reviews),Private,"Toledo,Ohio + 6 more",85 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Owens Corning (NYSE: OC) develops, manufactures, and markets insulation, roofing, and fiberglass composites. Global in scope and human in scale, the company’s market-leading businesses use their deep expertise in materials, manufacturing and building science to develop products and systems that save energy and improve comfort in commercial and residential buildings. Through its glass reinforcements business, the company makes thousands of products lighter, stronger and more durable. Ultimately, Owens Corning people and products make the world a better place. Based in Toledo, Ohio, Owens Corning posted 2017 sales of $6.4 billion and employs 19,000 people in 37 countries. It has been a Fortune 500® company for 63 consecutive years. For more information, please visit www.owenscorning.com. A Global Company Where Market-Leading Businesses are Built At Owens Corning, we strive every day to make the world a better place. Today, Owens Corning operates in three segments: Insulation, Roofing, and Composites. Our Insulation and Roofing businesses make new and existing homes and buildings more energy efficient, comfortable, and attractive. Our Composites business manufactures products from fiberglass reinforcements to meet diverse needs in diverse markets. We produce these solutions in ways that keep our people safe and help sustain our local communities for future generations. One Safe Company Safety has been an important part of the Owens Corning vocabulary since the company was founded. Our commitment to safety is unconditional and safety is a condition of employment. We believe that all accidents are preventable and we have a clear goal to achieve zero injuries. While we express our safety performance in numbers, we know that it is really about the well-being of our people and those that we touch."
FabHotels,3.4,(215 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 24 more",9 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Simply put, we are a new age budget hotels brand, now with 600+ hotels in 50+ Indian cities. We faced a huge problem finding a reliable, trustworthy and value for money accommodation wherever we travelled, and unwillingly, ended up spending on top-end hotels instead. This was a problem that a lot of our friends faced as well! Hence we decided to do something about it. We decided to launch our own brand of budget hotels!

Say hello to FabHotels! With technology at the center of consumer experience and backend operations, we are building a budget hospitality brand missing for so long in India. All our hotels follow rigorous housekeeping procedures, undergo strict auditing processes, and have courteous trained staff and to ensure a hassle-free experience every time you check in.

Don't go by what we say. Next time you are looking for a value for money stay, give us a shot. You would see what we mean.We would love to hear from you, and answer any questions you may have on anything related to FabHotels."
MSD Pharmaceutic...,4.0,(215 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 40 more",58 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MSD operates its human health business in India through three separate legal entities: MSD Pharmaceuticals Private Limited, Organon (India) Private Limited, and Fulford (India) Limited. Since its existence in India, the company has moved quickly in laying the foundation for a business that is differentiated by its focus through launching innovative products relevant to India. MSD in India also has presence in Animal Health via MSD Animal Health with its vaccines facility located in Pune, Maharashtra"
Akbar Travels,4.3,(215 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 30 more",45 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Akbartravels.com is a leading global online travel portal providing a diverse range of world-class, hassle-free travel services online. Our services include domestic and international flight booking, tailor-made and inclusive holidays, hotel reservations, visa services, cruises, car rentals, train tickets, worldwide attraction tickets, sightseeings, foreign exchange, travel insurance and much more. Our online platform allows users to search and book discounted flight tickets, holiday packages, visas and other services online from the comfort of their homes, office or smartphone effortlessly. With offices in India, UK, US, Middle East, Europe and Malaysia, we have more than 180 branches worldwide that extends the company’s reach to almost all major travel destinations of the world."
Kaynes Technolog...,3.4,(215 Reviews),Private,Mysore + 9 more,35 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Kaynes Technology India Private Ltd, Mysore, India is a leading domestic player in the Electronics System & Design Manufacturing Services Space with Global foot print. Apart from its mother plant and additional manufacturing facility at Mysore it has five manufacturing plants at Bangalore, Chennai, Manesar, Parwanoo, and Selaqui.Kaynes also has State of the Art Design and Development Centre (Kaynes Embedded Systems) at Bangalore for Embedded Design and Engineering services to support customers from Concept to Manufacturing.Customers looking for Pre and Post warranty Component level Hardware Repair, Design Development, re-engineering and obsolescence management Services and Support, Kaynes has Electronic repair, Design and Re Engineering Centers at Mumbai. In addition to Mumbai, Kaynes has Centers at Bangalore, Delhi as well as at Cochin for Support Services.Apart from products required for various industry segments Kaynes undertakes conceptual design, manufacture and testing of high reliability PCBAs, Box Build, Products and Systems Integration Services, Military Wire/Cable Harness for Defence and Aerospace Electronics and all other segments of Industry."
Aabasoft,4.4,(215 Reviews),Private,"Kochi/Cochin,Kerala + 5 more",21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Aabasoft Technologies India Private Limited is a global End-to-End IT/ITES services and solutions provider. We help our customers to do business better with our industry-wide experience, deep technology expertise and comprehensive portfolio of services. We believe in three important factors which are quality, value and time. Our clocks function to deliver you the best at the right time and at the right cost.

We are a pro-business, simple, efficient organization. We provide end to end consulting and solutions to our clients. We believe that IT infrastructure is the nervous system of any modern organization that connects the various systems and functions. We will help to build a robust IT infrastructure that gives you a big advantage in the modern market environment. Aabasoft is a client-oriented company. Our philosophy is to have the client at the focus point of all discussions and planning so that the product/service will be essentially client-oriented. Our products will strictly adhere to our values quality, value and time. These policies make us one of the best software companies referred by our clients.

We are a team of qualified, well-trained professionals who are always up to the task. We are aggressive. We are competent. And we respect deadlines. Our in-house policy is to respect with a day to spare. Unless extreme conditions prevailed we never cross a deadline or lamed an excuse which is rare with Aabasoft."
LogixHealth,3.6,(215 Reviews),Private,"Bedford,Massachusetts + 4 more",33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in the 1990s by physicians to service their own practices, LogixHealth provides expert coding and billing services that allow physicians to focus on providing great clinical care. LogixHealth has grown over the years to become the nation’s leading provider of unsurpassed software-enabled revenue cycle management services, offering a complete range of solutions, including coding and claims management and the latest business intelligence reporting dashboards for clients in 40 states.About UsSince our first day, we have had a clear vision of a better healthcare system, and have continually evolved in order to get there. In addition to providing expert revenue cycle services, we utilize proprietary software to provide valuable financial, clinical, and other data insights that directly improve the quality and efficiency of patient care.Our vision is executed by leveraging a triangle of unique strengths that we promise to utilize on behalf of our clients — Physician-Inspired Knowledge, Unrivaled Technology and Impeccable Service — that continuously reinforce each other."
Hical Technologi...,3.8,(215 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 2 more",35 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Hical Technologies manufactures High Reliability Transformers, Solenoids, Motors, Sensors and Systems Integration products for Aerospace, Defense, Automotive & Specialty Industrial Applications."
Coffee Day,3.4,(215 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 32 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Café Coffee Day, a part of Coffee Day Global Limited, is India’s favourite hangout for coffee and conversations. Popularly known as CCD, we strive to provide the best experience to our guests. Our coffees are sourced from thousands of small coffee planters, who made us who we are today and we're glad to be a part of their lives. We opened our first cafe in 1996 at Brigade Road in Bangalore – the youth and the young at heart immediately took to the cafe, and it continues to be one of the most happening places in the city. CCD to the youth is a “hangout” spot where they meet people, make conversations, and have a whole lot of fun over steaming cups of great coffee.It's been an exciting journey since then to becoming the largest organised retail cafe chain in the country. We’re also present in Austria, Czech Republic and Malaysia, so if your travel takes you there, do stop by our outlets to get a taste from back home!"
Ksb Pumps,3.8,(215 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 28 more",63 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"KSB Limited founded in the year 1960, is headquartered in Pune in the state of Maharashtra. To cater to the needs of the new and emerging India, KSB India has invested in world-class facilities and technologies where we produce centrifugal pumps and industrial valves and distribute them across the Indian subcontinent. 

All our facilities in India are fully equipped to advise customers, design, test, fabricate and quality-assure on all aspects of fluid mechanics in India. All our plants in Pimpri, Chinchwad, Khandala, Vambori, Coimbatore, and Sinnar are testimony to our immaculate manufacturing and engineering practices!

Apart from the six manufacturing units, KSB in India has a very strong Marketing, Sales, and Service setup to offer solutions to our customers effectively:
7 Manufacturing Locations; 4 zonal offices; 18 branch offices; 4 service stations; 240 authorized service enters; 21 godowns; 1500+ authorized dealers."
Mitsubishi Elect...,4.6,(215 Reviews),Public,New Delhi + 9 more,65 years old,501-1k Employees (Global),"Our corporate statement, ""Changes for the Better"", encapsulates all that we stand for and aspire to - a brighter future for society, industry and everyday life through innovation. For 90 years, we have helped create a brighter tomorrow globally through our leading-edge technologies.

Mitsubishi Electric Automotive India , Mitsubishi Electric India and Mitsubishi Elevator (India) are subsidiaries of Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, a world leading manufacturer of products ranging from Air Conditioners, Automotive Equipment, Elevators & Escalators, Factory Automation and Industrial Systems, Power Systems, Photovoltaic solutions, Semiconductor & Devices, Transportation Systems and Visual & Imaging."
HealthifyMe,3.2,(215 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 8 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"HealthifyMe, India's most loved health & fitness app, empowers you to achieve your health and fitness goals in a scientific and sustainable manner. Armed with the largest Indian food database and 1000+ certified coaches, this is your go-to channel for everything you need to know about health & fitness. 

At the heart of HealthifyMe’s platform is the World’s First & largest Indian Calorie Tracker, which allows users to track their food, exercise, and weight, easily via their smartphone or computer while continuously analyzing the user’s data and providing powerful insights that ensure that users stay within their calorie/nutrition budgets."
Mirza Internatio...,4.1,(215 Reviews),Public,"Kanpur,Uttar Pradesh + 27 more",44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mirza International Limited (formerly known as Mirza Tanners Limited) was incorporated on 5th September 1979. Today, the company has emerged as a frontrunner in the manufacturing and marketing of leather and leather footwear. Headquartered in the Indian capital of New Delhi, the company markets its products across the globe to countries like the UK, Europe, South Africa and the Middle East, to name a few. The company is listed on the NSE, BSE and UP Stock exchanges and is ISO 9001, 9002 and 14000 certified."
National Contrac...,3.9,(215 Reviews),Private,Al-Khobar + 17 more,56 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"National Contracting Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Rezayat Group, is a well- established mature organization of almost 50 years of age that specializes in engineering, procurement and construction activities in the power, transmission & distribution and construction sectors.
Based in Saudi Arabia, the company is represented throughout the Middle East & Africa and ideally positioned to expand its operations to other strategic locations throughout the world.
The head office is located in Al-Khobar, with job sites at different locations across Saudi Arabia."
Global Indian In...,4.2,(215 Reviews),Private,Singapore + 15 more,15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Global Indian International School is located in pollution free surroundings of Hyderabad/ Secunderabad, sprawling over 6 acres of land near Uppal, upcoming residential hub of Hyderabad. The campus is accessible from Hyderabad-Warangal high way and is situated 2.5 km from Uppal ring road. The peaceful campus away from the din and bustle of city life provides an ideal environment to foster creativity and individualistic thinking in the students. The beautifully landscaped campus with 200meters athletic track offers a harmonious blend of open spaces and school buildings emphasizing a regard for nature."
Bmm Ispat,3.8,(214 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 7 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The journey of the BMM Group is a reflection of the path tread by every entrepreneur who believes in the human potential and one’s own ability to bring about a life affirming change that transcends time. BMM Group was born out of this committed belief of Late Shri Udaichand Singhi.
Entrenched in the Indian ethos, with an astute understanding of market needs, values and sensibilities Mr. Dinesh Kumar Singhi inherited the legacy from his father and has built the BMM Group on sound fundamentals since 2002. He steered the company towards growth by being the first mining company to establish a power generation plant for captive use, and creating a integrated steel plant. Over the years, BMM has been able to add value to every relationship under his able and dynamic leadership.
Today, BMM is a 2000 Crores company due to its focus on market orientation and optimal usage of technology to achieve process efficiency and value addition. BMM has always believed in the principle of sharing and hence continues to transfer this benefit derived from sustained growth to its employees, partners and associates.
The unique value proposition that defines the very fabric of the BMM culture is the firm’s belief in unleashing this ‘potential in tonnes’ in terms of its human capital, continuous growth and consistent benefits to its stakeholders.
The human potential at BMM is reflected in the depth of domain expertise across diverse sectors and dynamism of youth at various levels in the Organization. Business operations lead by professionals with decades of market understanding and a dynamic team enables BMM to deliver superior product quality. It is this human potential that keeps BMM attuned to scaling new heights and meeting customer expectations.
While consistently adding value to its partners, BMM is sensitive to its responsibility towards the environment by implementing best practices in its Business Operations and contribution to society through various social Endeavour’s. BMM has a commitment of being a good Corporate Citizen and is committed to achieving business goals through ethical means. BMM hence has been able to have deeper relevance to society by creating value that is inclusive and truly benefits all."
Pon Pure Chemica...,4.1,(214 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 30 more",42 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Pon Pure Chemicals is a leading international organization specialising in chemicals manufacturing and distribution. Over thirty seven years in business, Pon Pure Chemicals is currently in the midst of a high growth period especially in the basic and performance chemical verticals."
Parksons Packagi...,4.2,(214 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 14 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Parksons Packaging Ltd. are one of the leading packaging solutions providers in India. Being one of the largest producers of high-quality folding cartons working with customers across industry segments, we work with brand leaders across industries such as Fast Moving Consumer Goods, Food & Beverages, Pharmaceutical, Electronic, Retail, Apparels and other white good industries."
Techno Electric ...,4.0,(214 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 35 more",60 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Techno Electric & Engineering Company Ltd. is a leading provider of high quality engineering, procurement and construction services to India’s core sector industries; both in the public and private domain. With over 30 years of experience, a strong team of 150 engineers supported by 200 skilled professionals, TEECL is well positioned to lead India into the new age of rapid infrastructure development.
For more than a century, India invested in conventional energy forms. The country is now at an inflection point. Extending to renewable energy forms without emission, pollution, carbon footprint and resource depletion. TEECL is one of the first companies to make this happen through aggressive capacity creation in the renewable energy segment.The result: A business model that reconciles conventional energy management (through EPC contracting) on the one hand with nonconventional energy capacity on the other."
Home First Finan...,3.9,(214 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 46 more",13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"HFFC provideshome-loans to low and middle-income individuals, specifically in the affordable segment. Most of our customers arefirsttimehomebuyers and we empower them to live better! Loan amounts for thesehomestypically range between 5 lakh to 50 lakh Rupees."
Alfa Laval,4.1,(214 Reviews),Private,"Lund,Skane + 17 more",140 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Alfa Laval is today a world leader within the key technology areas of heat transfer, separation and fluid handling. Our company was founded on a single brilliant invention and innovation remains at the heart of everything we do.
With more than 3500 patents, we provide worldwide solutions in areas that are vital to society both today and for the future."
Altruist Custome...,3.3,(214 Reviews),Panchkula + 12 more,13 years old,10k-50k Employees (Global),N/A,"Altruist India is a leading integrated end- to end solution providers across Business Process Outsourcing, Customer Management Outsourcing and IT Services, serving host of clients across many sectors.

Our over 10,000 professionals specialize in unlocking value by providing excellent service to our client's customers, while delivering desired business outcomes. By building ""same side of the table"" relationships, we provide powerful insights and deliver solutions that improve customer experience, reduce cost-to-serve and increase profitability."
Hitachi Hi-Rel P...,3.7,(214 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 22 more",40 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"In 1983, company powered ahead with the dream to create transformations in the field of Power Electronics. Starting out as Hi-Rel Electronics, today 3 decades later, it is now a 100% Hitachi Group company - Hitachi Hi-Rel Power Electronics - a Pioneer in Power Electronics. Hitachi Hi-Rel Power Electronics belongs to Industrial products business unit of Hitachi, Ltd. and contributes to new value creation by supplying strong core components. With more than 3 decades of experience, Hitachi Hi-Rel has garnered a significant level of trust in market segment and continues to offer world class power electronics products, value added services & customized solutions."
Kennametal,3.8,(214 Reviews),Public,"Latrobe,Pennsylvania + 9 more",85 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Kennametal was founded in 1938. Customers across aerospace, earthworks, energy, general engineering and transportation trust Kennametal’s innovations in materials science, tooling and wear-resistant solutions. Kennametal employs more than 11,000 people around the globe serving customers in more than 60 countries. In fiscal year 2017, Kennametal reported sales of 2.1 billion dollars. Experts in three business segments Industrial, Infrastructure and WIDIA work directly on the customer shop floor, at the mine face or on the construction site to solve problems and increase productivity."
Indian Bank,3.9,(216 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 51 more,116 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Established on 15th August 1907, as part of the Swadeshi movement, Indian Bank has come a long way and today, stands as one of India’s premier public sector banks. Headquartered at Chennai, we are a strong and diverse 20,000 workforce, always committed to bring the best of conventional and contemporary banking to you. With a vast national footprint and robust international connections via correspondent banks in 72 countries besides branch presence in Singapore and Sri Lanka, we serve customers across the spectrum of retail, agricultural, corporate, institutional and SME domain. We have diversified banking activities with 2 subsidiary companies - Indbank Merchant Banking Services Ltd and IndBank Housing Ltd.
 
Deposits, Loans, Cards, Wallets, Apps, Insurance, Mutual Funds, Forex, Remittance and Wealth Management Services make up our product portfolio. We also take pride in consistently engaging with the various social and empowering pillars of the society through our Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives."
Entrata India,4.3,(213 Reviews),Private,"Provo,Utah",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Since 2007, Entrata India has built a team of more than 900 world-class IT professionals, dedicated to creating innovative solutions for our clients. We have created a mixed bag of over 100 smart products for Entrata. The organization has been in league for over a decade, designing and catering solutions for property management software. We have built a work culture that acts as a catalyst for comprehensive growth. Be it an application for mobile, desktop or the world wide web, one can be rest assured that Entrata India delivers the best in quality because we pride ourselves in being the real deal. Located in Pune, we have been the city's well known PHP house."
American Axle & ...,4.3,(213 Reviews),Private,"Detroit,Michigan + 8 more",29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"AAM can trace its history to the beginning of the 20th century and the infancy of the automotive industry. The foundation for what is now AAM was established in 1917 when General Motors Corporation built an aircraft parts manufacturing facility in Detroit, on the land where AAM’s World Headquarters and flagship North American facility now stands. Later, automotive parts were added to the product mix. By 1920, two additional plants had been built in Detroit to meet the increased demands of the burgeoning automotive industry. Two additional plants were constructed in Detroit in the ‘40s and ‘50s.

The facilities remained under the General Motors umbrella until late 1992, when General Motors publicly announced that 18 of its manufacturing plants were for sale – five of which encompassed the Final Drive and Forge Business Unit of GM.

In response to the GM announcement, Richard E. Dauch, who had recently retired from the Chrysler Corporation as executive vice president Worldwide Manufacturing, formed a small investment team to purchase five driveline and forging assets that GM had up for sale. On March 1, 1994, AAM became a stand-alone, independent and multi-billion-dollar tier 1 automotive supplier.

Today, AAM delivers POWER that moves the world. As a leading global tier 1 automotive supplier, AAM designs, engineers and manufactures systems and technologies that are making the next generation of vehicles smarter, lighter, safer and more efficient. Headquartered in Detroit, AAM has over 25,000 associates operating at nearly 90 facilities in 17 countries to support our customers on global and regional platforms with a focus on quality, operational excellence and technology leadership."
Healthians,3.2,(213 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 26 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Healthians.com is India’s largest health test @home service, creating a new benchmark for very high quality and honest prices. Healthians employs state of art 46 touchpoints technology for assuring quality collection and testing across its tightly controlled network of labs and hundreds of full-time phlebotomists. Coolsure and Black code technology ensure sample transportation in an environment proof way- safe from heat, sunlight, contamination, and human error. Smartprick ™ technology ensures minimum pain by precision laser-guided blood collection.

The company was incubated by Healthstart in November 2014, followed by a seed round investment in 2015 by YouWeCan, the investment arm of an iconic survivor, champion, and cricket legend Yuvraj Singh who is the face of Healthians. Healthians has been awarded Indian E-retail Awards’15 and Leader’s Awards'15 in Healthcare."
Jindal Aluminium,4.1,(213 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 7 more",55 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Founded by Dr. Sitaram Jindal in 1968, Jindal Aluminium Limited is a pioneer in manufacturing Aluminium products. With state-of-the-art facility and expertise in manufacturing intricate Aluminium profiles, it is the largest producer of Aluminium extruded and the second-largest producer of Aluminium flat-rolled products in India. The company believes in building an enriched society brought about by innovation and excellence in manufacturing aluminium products.

It is the first Indian Aluminium extrusion company with Hartford Steam Boiler (HSB) and ISO 9002 certification (currently revalidated as per IS/ISO 9001:2015). It is also certified by the American Bureau of Shipping (ABS) for marine applications. Jindal Aluminium has a total manufacturing capacity of over 1.75 lakh metric tons per annum, including 1.25 L metric tons per annum of Aluminium extruded and 50,000 metric tons per annum of Aluminium flat-rolled products. It exports to countries like the UK, US, Canada, Australia, Middle-East nations, and others."
Healthcare At Ho...,4.3,(213 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 23 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Healthcare at Home is the market-leading out of hospital clinical provider, delivering clinical expertise to patients at home. We have a strong clinical capability, including a nursing skills breadth that runs from patient training through to Chemotherapy, along with a significant pharmacy team. We serve more than 170,000 patients, making around 4,500 deliveries each day. When you include our telephone contact, we have about 3.2 million patient interactions each year."
Entrata India,4.3,(213 Reviews),Private,"Provo,Utah",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Since 2007, Entrata India has built a team of more than 900 world-class IT professionals, dedicated to creating innovative solutions for our clients. We have created a mixed bag of over 100 smart products for Entrata. The organization has been in league for over a decade, designing and catering solutions for property management software. We have built a work culture that acts as a catalyst for comprehensive growth. Be it an application for mobile, desktop or the world wide web, one can be rest assured that Entrata India delivers the best in quality because we pride ourselves in being the real deal. Located in Pune, we have been the city's well known PHP house."
Healthcare At Ho...,4.3,(213 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 23 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Healthcare at Home is the market-leading out of hospital clinical provider, delivering clinical expertise to patients at home. We have a strong clinical capability, including a nursing skills breadth that runs from patient training through to Chemotherapy, along with a significant pharmacy team. We serve more than 170,000 patients, making around 4,500 deliveries each day. When you include our telephone contact, we have about 3.2 million patient interactions each year."
Polyplastics Ind...,3.9,(213 Reviews),Private,Tokyo + 11 more,53 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Polyplastics Industries India Pvt Ltd is an automotive company based out of O-15, Industrial Area, Yamunanagar, Haryana, India."
NeoGrowth Credit,3.9,(213 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"NeoGrowth Credit Pvt. Ltd., with its PAN India presence is a pioneer in SME digital lending in India. We have helped many traditional businesses grow by providing them Unsecured Business Loans; thus, creating a strong Social Impact. Most of the SMEs in India, though credit-worthy, are denied finance based on traditional underwriting methods. It is this gap that we aim to bridge at NeoGrowth to nurture their entrepreneurial aspirations. We provide hassle-free business loans upto INR 75 lakhs. Our POS based tech-n-touch lending and daily repayment model, along with our customer-centric business philosophy are the key attributes which have helped us emerge as market leaders in the SME digital lending space."
Healthians,3.2,(213 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 26 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Healthians.com is India’s largest health test @home service, creating a new benchmark for very high quality and honest prices. Healthians employs state of art 46 touchpoints technology for assuring quality collection and testing across its tightly controlled network of labs and hundreds of full-time phlebotomists. Coolsure and Black code technology ensure sample transportation in an environment proof way- safe from heat, sunlight, contamination, and human error. Smartprick ™ technology ensures minimum pain by precision laser-guided blood collection.

The company was incubated by Healthstart in November 2014, followed by a seed round investment in 2015 by YouWeCan, the investment arm of an iconic survivor, champion, and cricket legend Yuvraj Singh who is the face of Healthians. Healthians has been awarded Indian E-retail Awards’15 and Leader’s Awards'15 in Healthcare."
IPE Global,4.2,(213 Reviews),Public,New Delhi + 56 more,25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IPE Global was established in 1998 by a group of London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) alumni with the view of providing expertise for development reforms.[2][5] The company is ISO 9001:2015 certified with its headquarters located in New Delhi, India.[3] It has seven international offices in UK, Kenya, Ethiopia, Myanmar, Philippines, Nepal and Bangladesh.[6][7][8]In 2011, UK based leading private equity fund; Henderson Group invested in IPE Global with the view of enhancing the developmental goals of the group.[3] In 2014, IPE Global became the first development sector consulting firm from India to acquire a leading UK consulting firm – Triple Line consulting which expanded the group’s global footprints in over 100 countries with offices across Africa, Asia and Europe"
Nestaway,4.1,(213 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 12 more",8 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Nestaway is India's fastest growing ""managed home rental""​ company attempting to provide better rental solutions via design and technology. We turn unbranded, unfurnished houses into fully furnished & maintained apartments and provide them at affordable prices to quality tenants."
KLAY Schools,4.3,(213 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 15 more,12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founding Years Learning Solutions India Private Limited is the proud parent company of India’s Largest and Most Trusted Pre-School and Day Care Centres – KLAY Schools & The Little Company. We intent to continuously provide high quality preparatory schooling programs that offer kids a safe and healthy environment to learn, grow and flourish."
Epiroc,4.1,(213 Reviews),Public,Stockholm + 16 more,150 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Epiroc is a leading productivity partner for the mining, infrastructure and natural resources industries. With cutting-edge technology, Epiroc develops and produces innovative drill rigs, rock excavation and construction equipment, and provides world-class service and consumables. The company was founded in Stockholm, Sweden, and has passionate people supporting and collaborating with customers in more than 150 countries."
Supermax Persona...,3.6,(213 Reviews),Private,"Dubai,Dubai + 40 more",74 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We, at Super-Max have been manufacturing superior quality shaving blades for the last 50 years. With a clear vision and professionally driven team we have grown to become one of the largest brands in the world under the shaving and personal care category for both men and women. Super-Max products are sold in more than 150 countries, some of our finest products include, disposable & system razors, and toiletries like shaving gels, shaving foam, etc. In the recent past, our path breaking innovations in razor handles have broadened our appeal to a wider range of consumers in different geographies. We continue to invest in leading edge technologies as we strongly believe that innovation alone can lead to a greater future for us and our customers and consumers together. Our core strength is in fulfilling needs of the “Value-Driven” Consumers. We are agile and quick to respond to consumers’ and retailers’ needs."
Dr. Agarwal's Ey...,4.1,(213 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 36 more",66 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In the 1950s, an eye doctor couple from a medical college in Jaipur happened
to visit their parents in an ashram in Pondicherry in Southern India.
While crossing the metropolitan city of Madras with about a hundred rupees
in their pockets, they were enmoured by the city’s grace and decided
to make it their home."
Koch Business So...,3.8,(213 Reviews),Private,"Wichita,Kansas + 1 more",83 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Koch Industries is one of the largest private companies in America. A diverse set of businesses and industries across the world, we work together to keep improving and exploring new ways to make life even better.

With 122,000 global employees and locations in nearly every U.S. state and 60 countries, Koch companies offer abundant opportunities to improve life’s most necessary things – like food, clothing, water, transportation and technology."
IIT Bombay,4.5,(213 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 4 more",65 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, the second IIT to be set up in 1958, is recognised worldwide as a leader in the field of engineering education and research. It is reputed for the quality of its faculty and the outstanding calibre of students graduating from its undergraduate and postgraduate programmes. The institute has a total of 15 academic departments, 30 centres, one school and five Interdisciplinary programmes. Over the last five decades, more than 52,600 engineers and scientists have graduated from the institute. It is served by more than 629 faculty members considered not only amongst the best within the country, but also highly recognised in the world for achievements in the field of education and research. Today the Institute is recognized as one of the top centres of academic excellence in the country. Over the years, there has been dynamic and rapid progress at IIT Bombay in both academic and research activities, with a parallel improvement in facilities and infrastructure to match with the best institutions in the world."
Sagility,4.0,(213 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 8 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"Sagility combines industry-leading technology and transformation-driven BPM services with decades of healthcare domain expertise to help clients draw closer to their members. The company optimizes the entire member/patient experience through service offerings for clinical, case management, member engagement, provider solutions, payment integrity, claims cost containment, and analytics. Sagility has more than 25,000 employees across 5 countries."
Muthoot Pappacha...,4.0,(3.4k Reviews),Private,"Trivandrum/Thiruvananthapuram,Kerala + 64 more",136 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"The Muthoot Pappachan Group, with a reputation that has been shaped over decades with high-quality practices, total customer satisfaction, and steady growth, in the field of business, is a legacy built on God-given values of trust, truth, transparency, and tradition. It has become one of the top business houses today, with over 3600 branches PAN India. Muthoot takes its name from its Family, which is a branch of a traditional Orthodox Christian family, based in Kozhencherry, a small town in the erstwhile primary state of Travancore (Kerala). In the year 1887, Muthoot Ninan Mathai (Patron Founder of the group), started in a humble way as a retail and wholesale trader of grains at Kozhencherry. He diversified into chit funds and by early 1950s became the largest player in Chits & Gold Loans. It was in 1979 that Muthoot Pappachan Group (MPG), was founded by the Late Mathew M Thomas, popularly known as Muthoot Pappachan. Over the years, the Muthoot Pappachan Group has grown to become a significant entity in the Indian business landscape. ""A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.""​ True to this adage, the group which planted its roots in retail trading, later diversified into various sectors including Financial Services, Hospitality, Automotive, Realty, IT Services, Precious Metals, Global Services and Alternate Energy."
Hindustan Times,3.7,(944 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 36 more",99 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hindustan Times is an Indian English-language daily newspaper. Inaugurated by Mahatma Gandhi in 1924, it played integral roles in the Indian independence movement as a nationalist and pro-Congress daily. The newspaper is owned by Shobhana Bhartia"
KaaShiv InfoTech...,5.0,(212 Reviews),Chennai,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Sunflag Iron and...,4.1,(212 Reviews),Private,"Nagpur,Maharashtra + 11 more",39 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Sunflag Iron and Steel Co. Ltd. is a prestigious unit of the SUN FLAG GROUP. The plant is located in the central part of India at Bhandara, Maharashtra. The plant has a capacity to produce 500,000 tons per annum of high quality special steel using liquid pig iron and sponge iron as basic inputs.The main processes at the plant are,– Iron making (Mini Blast Furnace, Sponge Iron Plant, Sinter plant).– Steel Making– Continuous Casting– Rolling Mills– Heat Treatments– Bright Bar Making– Inspection– Quality Assurance"
2COMS,3.6,(212 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 34 more",24 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"2COMS is a Human Supply Chain Management company. With over 2500+ employees and more than 7 branches, we offer a wide variety of services, connecting more than 4000 professionals with over 70 clients every day.

Over the last 20 years, we have remained dedicated to developing our people, strengthening our capabilities, and building trusting relationships with our clients and partners. We also pride ourselves on providing superior talent to deliver high-quality solutions aligned with the key objectives of our clients—disciplined financial management, continuous performance improvement, and integrated technology enablement. We do so with flexibility and nimbleness that fit your objectives—not ours. We are excited for the future and the opportunity to work with you in these areas to exceed your expectations.

2COMS has gained a rich diversified experience in handling various types of HR solutions and services ranging for Permanent Recruitment Solutions, Contract Staffing, Flexi Force, Payroll Outsourcing, Skill Development, Recruitment Process Outsourcing in various Industries like Banking Financial Service Insurance, Telecom, IT/ITES, Healthcare, Education. Manufacturing in verticals like Steel, Auto, and Cement etc."
Nature's Basket,4.0,(212 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 7 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Nature’s Basket is India’s pioneering food destination present through physical retail stores, online portal and a mobile application. Our footprint currently extends to over 36 neighbourhood convenience stores in Mumbai, Pune and Bangalore with a diverse product portfolio ranging from fresh fruits and vegetables, fish and meat, artisanal breads, FMCG and staples."
Lotus Herbals Pr...,4.3,(212 Reviews),Private,"New Delhi,Delhi + 35 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Lotus Herbals is India’s leading natural cosmetics company. Based on 5000-year-old science of Ayurveda and combining it with 21st century's technology, we offer a well-researched and robust range of over 500 Skincare, Haircare, Suncare, and Make-up products for the retail and professional markets."
Nuziveedu Seeds,4.3,(212 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 41 more",50 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Nuziveedu Seeds Limited (NSL) India’s largest hybrid seed – company, (in terms of sales of hybrid seeds to Indian farmers in 2015 – 2016) NSL has been recognized as the largest Bio Agri company by Biospectrum survey of Agricultural Biotechnology companies in India consecutively for the past eight years since 2009. * believes that it has played an important role in Indian agriculture by developing and supplying quality hybrids and varietal seeds to millions of farmers. Nuziveedu Seeds, which was originally established as a part of NSL Group, has served Indian farmers for more than four decades. The company has its presence in 20 states and markets approximately 150 varieties of seed products to more than 5.5 million farmers across the country."
Mahindra Integra...,3.6,(212 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 28 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mahindra Integrated Business Solutions is an Advisory and Business Process Management Services company with proven expertise in the areas encompassing Strategy to Execution.

We work across 11 industries with one purpose: to deliver measurable, sustained results to our clients. We help companies achieve their business strategy by aligning resources, technology, and supporting structures toward the achievement of desired business outcomes and driving competitive advantage.

We have the unique distinction of being able to work with our own team of domain experts in the areas we operate, as well as leverage the resources of the multi-disciplinary experts from within the group companies for specialized Advisory and Business Process Management Services recommendations, thereby bringing to our clients a unique blend of internal expertise and external perspective. We are a part of the USD 20 billion Mahindra Group that employs more than 200,000 people in over 100 countries.

MIBS started as a Shared Services Centre for Mahindra Auto and Farm division in 2002 to manage Payroll and Accounts Payable activities. Over a period of time, it has established itself as a credible partner in the designated area of services which prompted the management to take a decision to create MIBS as a separate entity that could explore services to other Mahindra group companies and non-Mahindra companies. With this intention, MIBS was born in its current avatar in 2011. 

From then till date MIBS has grown to offer 6 lines of business with 15+ value propositions operating from 15 locations having a team strength of 3300+ people serving domestic and international Clients with a sustained growth rate much higher than the industry average and poised to scale further in the years to come."
Sri Aurobindo So...,3.5,(212 Reviews),NGO/NPO,"Pondicherry/Puducherry,Tamil Nadu + 12 more",63 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Sri Aurobindo Society seeks to bring a dynamic spirituality into material life and all its activities, so that the global problems can find a true solution, and the dreams of humanity, through the ages, can be realized. The Society is a not-for-profit NGO, working throughout the world for individual perfection, social transformation, and human unity in diversity. It invites participation from all who want to work together for a better tomorrow, with no distinction of nationality, religion, caste or gender. The Society was founded in 1960 by the Mother of Sri Aurobindo Ashram, Puducherry, India, “To make known to the members and people in general the aims and ideals of Sri Aurobindo and the Mother, their system of Integral Yoga and to work for its fulfilment in all possible ways and for the attainment of a spiritualised society as envisaged by Sri Aurobindo.”"
Macquarie Group,3.7,(212 Reviews),Private,Sydney + 8 more,54 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"One of the few domestically owned investment banks in the Land Down Under, Macquarie Group does business at home in Australia and beyond. The holding company for Macquarie Bank and other subsidiaries, it operates an investment banking practice that performs financing, trading, strategic advisory, equities research, and other services for corporate and government clients. Other operations include fund management, retail banking and lending, and wealth management. Macquarie has jumped headfirst into the international private-equity market as well, focusing on the energy sector through its Macquarie Energy arm. Founded in 1969, Macquarie has more than 70 offices around the world."
Indorama,4.0,(211 Reviews),Private,Jakarta + 22 more,48 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Indorama Corporation is one of Asia’s leading chemical holding company. Today based in Singapore, its origins trace back to 1975 with the start of Indo-Rama Synthetics in Indonesia by its founder, M.L. Lohia, and his son, S.P Lohia. Indo-Rama Synthetics started as a yarn spinning company and manufactured cotton yarns in its early days. During the 1990s, the company diversified into the production of synthetic spun yarns and polyester fibers.

Today, Indorama manufactures a multitude of products including polyethylene, polypropylene, nitrogen fertilizers, phosphate fertilizers, polyester, polyester feedstocks, textiles, and medical gloves. It is the largest producer of polyolefins in West Africa, the largest producer of fertilizers in Sub-Saharan Africa, and one of the largest producer of synthetic disposable gloves in the world. It is also a geographically diversified producer of spun yarns.

Along with its affiliate Indorama Ventures in Thailand, Indorama operates over 70 manufacturing sites in over 30 countries and employs over 30,000 people worldwide. Indorama Ventures is the largest producer of polyester products in the world with plants in five continents and also one of the biggest producer of polyester feedstocks. In addition to polyester, Indorama Ventures also manufactures intermediates such as IPA and performance materials made from fibers such as polypropylene, nylon, viscose, and aramids."
Ather Energy,4.1,(211 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 9 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The automobile industry is in the midst of a huge technological disruption. Today, electric is the preferred choice because of its inherent efficiency that will shape urban commute and the cities of tomorrow. In parallel, the world around us is getting connected, enabling integration of devices and making our life experiences seamless. Intelligent vehicles will revolutionize our commute experience in the future and the Ather 450 stands at the cusp of this exciting reality."
METRO Global Bus...,4.2,(211 Reviews),Public,Pune + 2 more,12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"METRO SERVICES is a Captive Technology and Finance Center of and for METRO, a leading international wholesale company based in Germany with food and non-food assortments that specialises on serving the needs of hotels, restaurants and caterers (HoReCa) as well as independent traders.

Service companies like METRO SERVICES, METRO PROPERTIES, METRO LOGISTICS, METRONOM and METRO ADVERTISING provide overarching group-wide services in the areas of accounting and business operations, real estate, logistics, information technology and advertising.

Established in 2011 in Pune, METRO SERVICES has evolved from being an Accounting COE to managing multiple Business Operations. Being entrepreneurial by nature we are now growing & scaling up our IT operations to offer end to end development & enterprise solutions to our group companies."
Mjunction Servic...,3.9,(211 Reviews),JV,Kolkata + 15 more,22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"mjunction services limited, is not only India’s largest business process management company, but also runs the world’s largest eMarketplace for steel. The steel and coal supply chain in India has been transformed by mjunction, which has ushered in Efficiency, Transparency and Convenience to the way steel and coal, is bought/sold. Similar transformation is being sought to be made in other industries."
Siemens Healthca...,4.4,(211 Reviews),Private,Erlangen + 18 more,127 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Siemens Healthineers India, our purpose is to enable healthcare providers to increase value by empowering them on their journey towards expanding precision medicine, transforming care delivery, and improving patient experience, all enabled by digitalizing healthcare.

An estimated five million patients globally everyday benefit from our innovative technologies and services in the areas of diagnostic and therapeutic imaging, laboratory diagnostics and molecular medicine, as well as digital health and enterprise services.

We are a leading medical technology company with over 170 years of experience and 18,000 patents globally. With more than 48,000 dedicated colleagues in over 70 countries, we will continue to innovate and shape the future of healthcare."
HungerBox,3.9,(211 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 13 more",7 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are a full stack B2B F&B technology company delivering food solutions for corporates. Our vision is to enhance the productivity of corporate employees by providing them a technology-driven food experience which is safe, healthy and evolving constantly."
Landis+Gyr,4.1,(211 Reviews),Public,"Zug,Zug + 8 more",127 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"For more than a century, Landis+Gyr has helped the world manage energy better. Our meters and solutions empower utilities and end-customers around the world to improve their energy efficiency, reduce their energy costs and contribute to a sustainable use of resources. As the largest global player in smart metering with one of the broadest portfolios in the industry, our products, solutions and services empower utilities and consumers with the data necessary to make informed decisions about"
Smart Value Prod...,4.3,(211 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 54 more",17 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"SmartValue is much more than a company. It is a revolutionary idea that has transcended itself beyond the ordinary. It is a commitment that is bringing a positive change in the lives of people it touches through its genuine quality products that are value-for-money and by opening profitable and career-oriented opportunities for the motivated youth. Today, the company through its sheer dedication to this idea has a notable presence in the market and has become a household name. The company’s interests lie in various categories like Education, Health & Wellness, Personal Care, Home care and Lifestyle. It has also earned the reputation of being one of the largest companies in direct selling with conscious efforts in promoting IT education and health awareness. SmartValue is contributing to the enhancement of overall quality of living and is helping create healthy and happy life.

One of the Leading Direct Selling Organization in India selling Health & Wellness, Personal & Beauty Care, Home Care, Lifestyle, Agriculture Products and Educational Books & DVDs.
An ISO 9001:2008 Certified company.
A strong network across 500 cities.
Has 100 + High Quality & Value-for-money products.
Managed by synergy of highly qualified professionals with different industry experience from Institutes like IIT and top management institutes of India.
Built on Strong ethics and beliefs.
Is time tested & one of the most trusted organization"
East India Udyog,3.9,(211 Reviews),Public,"Ghaziabad,Uttar Pradesh + 28 more",57 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"East India Udyog Limited is engaged in the Manufacture of Power & Distribution Transformers, Conductors, AB Cable and other allied electrical items along with execution of Turnkey contracts for Transmission Lines, Substations, RE (RGGVY /DDUGJY) and R-APDRP(IPDS) projects."
Asian Granito In...,3.9,(211 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 40 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in the year 2000, AGL has grown to become one of the best tiles companies in India exclusively dealing with tiles for home. Apart from the basic kitchen tiles, floor tiles and bathroom tiles, AGL also deals with ceramic tiles, composite marble, vitrified tiles, quartz stone, digital tiles, engineered marble and a lot more. With over 250 exclusive showrooms and a healthy online presence, AGL is widespread across PAN India."
Indorama,4.0,(211 Reviews),Private,Jakarta + 22 more,48 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Indorama Corporation is one of Asia’s leading chemical holding company. Today based in Singapore, its origins trace back to 1975 with the start of Indo-Rama Synthetics in Indonesia by its founder, M.L. Lohia, and his son, S.P Lohia. Indo-Rama Synthetics started as a yarn spinning company and manufactured cotton yarns in its early days. During the 1990s, the company diversified into the production of synthetic spun yarns and polyester fibers.

Today, Indorama manufactures a multitude of products including polyethylene, polypropylene, nitrogen fertilizers, phosphate fertilizers, polyester, polyester feedstocks, textiles, and medical gloves. It is the largest producer of polyolefins in West Africa, the largest producer of fertilizers in Sub-Saharan Africa, and one of the largest producer of synthetic disposable gloves in the world. It is also a geographically diversified producer of spun yarns.

Along with its affiliate Indorama Ventures in Thailand, Indorama operates over 70 manufacturing sites in over 30 countries and employs over 30,000 people worldwide. Indorama Ventures is the largest producer of polyester products in the world with plants in five continents and also one of the biggest producer of polyester feedstocks. In addition to polyester, Indorama Ventures also manufactures intermediates such as IPA and performance materials made from fibers such as polypropylene, nylon, viscose, and aramids."
Technip Energies,4.1,(211 Reviews),Noida + 19 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
ARMSOFTECH.AIR,3.4,(211 Reviews),"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 9 more",6 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"ARMSOFTECH.AIR is one of the fastest-growing AI-enabled Voice Bot Services companies in India. We are today, a leader delivering a broad spectrum of Customer Experience services utilizing our in-house Artificial Intelligence platform across multiple industries. Our wide array of processes spans verticals including BFSI, Travel & Logistics, Retail, Manufacturing, Media & Entertainment, Consumer Durables, Healthcare, and Government & Education. 

ARMSOFTECH.AIR helps companies to harness the power of Artificial Intelligence and Analytics to move faster with greater precision, improve efficiency, reduce cost, pinpoint facts that improve decision-making, and create beneficial connections with customers. This service along with our business process outsourcing arm solves a lot of customer problems instantly"
Bahwan CyberTek,3.6,(211 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 9 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We deliver digital transformation of businesses through IP-led products and cognitive solutions, growth accelerators and innovative outcome-based business models. Our solutions span across Digital Journey Management, Predictive Analytics, Digital Customer Experience, Payments & Citizen services and Education.

Incepted in 1999, we have worked with Fortune 500 companies 1000+ Enterprise Customers, 3500+ SME Customers and 475+ Universities across twenty countries in North America, Middle East, India, Far East, and Africa.

With innovation and thought leadership as our core values, we have delivered sustainable transformation to customers, adapting advancements in technology specific to each business domain allowing them to function with agility and create new business models besides being ready for the changes and challenges of the future."
Encora,4.1,(211 Reviews),Private,"Scottsdale,AZ + 8 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Encora is a leader in the large and rapidly growing outsourced product development market. We partner primarily with fast-growing tech companies that are driving innovation and growth within their industries. Through proprietary agile development capabilities, deep micro-industry vertical expertise, and a global talent pool, we drive transformational outcomes for clients.  

Encora provides differentiated innovation services and software engineering solutions across a wide range of leading-edge technologies, including Big Data, analytics, machine learning, IoT, mobile, cloud, UI/UX, and test automation. Our unique delivery model, agile methodology, and consistent unmatched quality have contributed to our steady growth over the years. 
We use agile development methods to apply these tools across many tech-enabled industries, including Fast-Growing Tech, FinTech, Security, HealthTech, Travel, and Digital Commerce.

Over many years, Encora has developed the proprietary EDC (Extended Delivery Center) framework to accelerate innovation for clients. One of the unique characteristics of this model is the seamless extension of clients’ development team, internal processes, and even their culture. This improves the quality of engineering, team throughput, and speed to impact.

Our greatest strength is the passion of our people. The energy and creativity they bring to their work every day are truly inspiring, and it drives the innovation we deliver for our clients. Our people are the primary reason Encora is such a great place to work."
Hyundai Construc...,4.1,(210 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 28 more",16 years old,51-200 Employees (India),Hyundai Construction Equipment India Pvt. Ltd. is a major player in manufacturing advanced Hydraulic Excavators and Material Handling Equipment.
Kokuyo Camlin,4.0,(210 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 43 more",92 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Brightening lives, adding colour, enriching experiences.
 
When we began 78 years ago in 1931, we were a single product company. Today we have achieved our vision and have over 2000 innovative products. Which is why Camel and Camlin are the most recognised stationery and art brand in India."
Orcapod Consulti...,3.4,(210 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 12 more",13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are a Leader in Consulting and Technology Staffing Business, Helping our Clients Co-Create Breakthrough Solutions. Orcapod is a leading Consulting & Technology Staffing Company, providing broad range of services and solutions in Business & IT Consulting, Workforce Solutions and Operational Improvement. We enable our clients to outperform the competition and stay ahead of the innovation curve. Orcapod Consulting works with Global and Indian companies providing assistance in their critical IT & Business improvement initiatives. We work with our clients to improve their business operations by combining its expertise in the areas of Business & IT Consulting, Outsourcing, Operations Transformation and Services Optimization. Our experienced consulting workforce complements the CIO organisation and helps it deliver more within its budgets & demanding schedules."
Ircon Internatio...,4.0,(210 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 35 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ircon International Limited, formerly Indian Railway Construction Limited, is an engineering and construction organisation, specialized in transport infrastructure. The PSU was established in 1976, by the Government of India under the Comp. Act 195"
Selec Controls,3.6,(210 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 7 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Selec Controls Pvt Ltd, is one of the well-known brands in India in the field of Industrial Measurements and Controls. Selec has its sales subsidiaries in Europe and USA and exports to over 50 countries. Selec operates in the fields of Electrical meters/Current transformers, Monitoring/time relays, Temperature/Process control, and PLC/HMI products. Selec is best known for innovation and the excellent value it's products give to customers. It manufactures around a million products a year, with highly automated processes, facility spread over 50,000 sq. ft. Currently leading the company through an exciting phase of very high growth, increasing its presence in Indian as well as international markets."
Freshworks,4.1,(210 Reviews),Public,"San Mateo,California + 16 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"FreshWorks is a cloud-based business management applications provider company. The product portfolio includes Freshdesk (cloud-based customer support software), FreshService (online IT service management software), FreshCaller (cloud-based call center software provider), Freshchat(enterprise chat application), FreshSales (sales CRM software) and Freshmarketer(marketing software for digital marketers), Freshconnect(an enterprise collaboration software), and Freshping(website monitoring tool). Offers subscription-based pricing model. Clientele includes Honda, Toshiba, Cisco, Lenskart, Zoom, Zomato, UNICEF, Team Viewer, Carat Lane, and Money Corp."
Jupiter Hospital,4.0,(210 Reviews),Private,"Thane,Maharashtra + 6 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Jupiter multi-speciality Hospital is a tertiary care hospital, integrated with ITC group hotel -Fortune Park LakeCity, that strictly adheres to a ‘patient first’ ideology. A 400,000 sq. ft. hospital spread over an area of 3 acres, Jupiter multi-specialty hospital offers the finest care in various medical fields like cancer care, cardiology, neurology, nephrology, orthopedics, rheumatology and pediatrics along with the best facilities for liver, kidney and stem cell transplantation. The hospital has its own state of the art laboratories that offer across the board diagnostic facilities and supports accommodation of 352 beds."
Jockey,4.3,(210 Reviews),Private,Kenosha + 69 more,147 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Jockey is a globally responsible designer and marketer of men’s and women’s apparel under the world famous Jockey brand and related brands like Skimmies, No Panty Line Promise, JKY, and Life. We hold the number one market share in underwear and intimates in department stores. We also sell to large volume retailers and directly to consumers through Jockey operated retail stores, jockey.com, and catalogs. Our licensed partners sell Jockey brand socks, thermals, hosiery, scrubs, and activewear. Our international partners have leading market shares for Jockey brand apparel in India, Australia/New Zealand, and Africa."
BCH Electric,4.2,(210 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 25 more",58 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"An ISO 9001:2015 & ISO 14001:2015 Company, is one of today’s well recognized Switchgear & Low Voltage Panel manufacturer of low voltage electrical and electronic controls in India. The Company was established in 1965 as a joint venture between Cutler-Hammer, USA, and Indian partners. Since 1977, it is a wholly owned Indian company with global business connections.
The Company’s first plant is located at Faridabad, near Delhi, on a 15-acre plot with a covered area of over 2,50,000 square feet, employing over 700 personnel with fully modern manufacturing facilities. In continuation of its policy of continued investments in electrical products, BCH has set up another state-of-the-art manufacturing plant spread over 12 acres in Rudrapur, Uttarakhand in 2010.
Our proven range of Industrial Contactors, Overload Relays, Motor starters, Brakes, Limit Switches, Plugs & Sockets, Industrial Enclosures,  Power Distribution and PCC & MCC has, over the years, become well accepted. All our products conform to the latest national and international standards, including labelling for most of them."
NBC Bearings,4.0,(210 Reviews),Public,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 10 more",77 years old,1-10 Employees (India),"National Engineering Industries Ltd. manufactures a wide range of bearings for automotive, industrial, railways and for general applications under the brand name NBC. NEI was founded in the year 1946 as a pioneer industry in the field of bearing manufacture. it currently manufactures nearly 100 million bearings per annum in over 1000 different sizes ranging from 6 mm bore to 1300 mm outer diameter and having capability to manufacture bearing upto 2000 mm diameter"
Romsons Group Of...,4.0,(210 Reviews),Private,"Agra,Uttar Pradesh + 34 more",71 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"To anticipate the needs of the customers or end-users and translating their requirements into meaningful products. ROMSONS has made a mark in their chosen area, by being ever abreast of new possibilities and tapping the market opportunities has earned them the loyalty of the most demanding customers in the world."
Orix Auto Infras...,4.3,(210 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 16 more",28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"ORIX Auto Infrastructure Services Ltd (OAIS), incorporated in 1995, is 100% subsidiary of ORIX Corporation, Japan. ORIX has made its mark in the Indian market by providing innovative leasing & transportation solutions that clients need to propel their business to the next level. OAIS and its subsidiary company ORIX Leasing & Financial Services India Limited (OLFS) include a team of more than 1,000 employees spanning 20+ offices across India. ORIX has approximately 600 million USD of assets under its management, administration and servicing. Our wide range of services offered by OAIS include operating lease of Passenger Cars and transpotation-related services like Car Rentals, Business Transportation Solutions etc. Through OLFS, we offer flexible financial solutions in Finance Lease, Commercial Vehicle Loans and Loan against Property.

Our parent company, ORIX Corporation, is a publicly owned international financial services company with operations in 38 countries and regions worldwide. ORIX Corporation is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (8591) and New York Stock Exchange (IX). For more information on ORIX Corporation, visit ORIX, Japan"
Clariant Chemica...,4.2,(210 Reviews),Public,"Muttenz,Bael-Country + 16 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"As one of the world’s leading specialty chemical companies, Clariant contributes to value creation with innovative and sustainable solutions for customers from many industries. Our portfolio is designed to meet very specific needs with as much precision as possible. At the same time, our research and development are focused on addressing the key trends of our time. These include energy efficiency, renewable raw materials, emission-free mobility, and conserving finite resources. Clariant reports in three business areas: Care Chemicals, Natural Resources, and Catalysis."
OnePlus,4.1,(210 Reviews),Public,"Shenzhen,Guangdong + 38 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"One Plus Technology Co., Ltd., commonly referred to as OnePlus, is a Chinese smartphone manufacturer owned by BBK Electronics, which is based in Shenzhen, Guangdong. It was founded by Pete Lau and Carl Pei in December 2013."
MT Educare,3.4,(210 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 21 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In 1988, Mahesh Tutorials, began by Mahesh Shetty, the then young entrepreneur and a man with a mission of revolutionalising education and transforming lives, has now grown into a pro-active education giant MT Educare Ltd., with a wide reach across India and internationally."
Writer Corporati...,3.7,(815 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 37 more",70 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Over the years Writer Corporation has evolved from being 20 employee, single service operation to a leading multi business enterprise with over 10500+ employees across geographies with a single goal to consistently meet and exceed our customers expectations through premium quality services. Imagination and innovation have been the hallmark of Writer Corporation, which has helped align our service capabilities with the evolving needs of corporates and individuals across the world. Tracing its origins back to a Mumbai based packing company started in 1953, the organisation has established a reputation of superior quality within Relocations, Information Management, Cash Management and Realty."
Aptiv,4.1,(587 Reviews),Private,Dublin + 12 more,29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aptiv is a global technology company that develops safer, greener and more connected solutions enabling the future of mobility. Formerly known as Delphi Automotive, Aptiv emerges from the completion of Delphi’s spin-off of its Powertrain segment. Aptiv brings unparalleled capabilities in solving the complex challenges associated with safer, greener and more connected transportation. 

At the core of this capability is the software and vehicle architecture expertise that enables the advanced safety, automated driving, user experience, and connected services that are making the future of mobility work."
Meghmani Organic...,4.0,(312 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 11 more",37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We were founded in 1986 as a partnership, under the name M/s Gujarat Industries, to manufacture Pigments by our Executive Chairman Mr Jayanti Patel, together with our Managing Directors, Mr Ashish Soparkar and Mr Natwarlal Patel, as well as two of our Executive Directors Mr Ramesh Patel and Mr Anand I Patel (collectively the ""Founders"").

On 2 January 1995, our Company, Meghmani Organics Limited, was incorporated as a joint stock company with limited liability pursuant to Part IX of the Indian Companies Act. Under Section 566 of the Indian Companies Act, ""joint stock company"" means a company having a permanent paid-up or nominal share capital of fixed amount divided into shares. Upon incorporation, our Company acquired the business and all existing assets and liabilities of the partnership M/s Gujarat Industries and the Founders became shareholders of our Company."
Omkar Realtors a...,4.5,(209 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 8 more,20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Established in 2003, Omkar Realtors & Developers are renowned creators of opulent spaces. Backed by a strong legacy that spans over a decade, Omkar Realtors is managed by second generation entrepreneurs who have carved a niche for themselves in the world of real estate. The board combines a seasoned team of professionals with expertise in real estate, infrastructure, steel manufacturing, oil exploration, shipping and construction.Standing true to their core values of integrity, inclusion, equality and excellence with a steadfast financial perspective and revolutionary vision, Omkar Realtors have already delivered projects spanning 4 million sq. ft. in residential and commercial sectors. The company is currently developing over 20 Million Sq. ft. in Mumbai. They have also undertaken development of another 40 Million Sq. ft for upcoming projects.There’s already countless number of real estate companies in Mumbai and to make one’s mark in this competitive market calls for cluster-breaking projects. Projects by Omkar Realtors ooze finest luxuries and yet are known for affordability, which has bagged the company a position in the preferred list of top builders in Mumbai.At Omkar, every individual strives to achieve operational excellence to create a paradigm shift in consumer expectations from real estate developers and wants to contribute their smallest bit in redefining real estate in Mumbai. The company believes that product and design innovation is a seamless process that creates a roadmap for excellence."
SML Isuzu,4.2,(209 Reviews),Public,"Chandigarh,Chandigarh + 32 more",38 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"SML Isuzu Ltd. (SMLI) is a trusted and reliable commercial vehicle manufacturer since 1985. It has over 33 Years of experience in producing Light & Medium commercial vehicles to meet the Indian customer needs. SMLI is a first company to manufacture and supply state of the art fully built Buses, Ambulances and customized vehicles. Sumitomo Corporation, Japan and Isuzu Motors, Japan respectively holds 44% and 15% shareholding in the Company."
Jubilant Agri an...,4.1,(209 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 33 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Jubilant Agri and Consumer Products Limited (JACPL), is headquartered in Gurugram, India. JACPL is a well diversified company with product portfolio that includes Crop Nutrition, Crop Growth & Crop Protection Products; Consumer products like Adhesives, Wood Finishes; Food Polymers; Latex such as Vinyl Pyridine, SBR and NBR latex. JACPL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jubilant Industries Limited (JIL). The Company’s success so far in this business is an outcome of its strategic vision to attain leadership position in each of its business. Driven by a culture of innovation the company focuses on delivering world class products and services to its customers."
Juniper Networks,4.3,(209 Reviews),Private,"Sunnyvale,California + 3 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Juniper Networks is leading the revolution in networking, making it one of the most exciting technology companies in Silicon Valley today. Since being founded by Pradeep Sindhu, Dennis Ferguson, and Bjorn Liencres nearly 20 years ago, Juniper’s sole mission has been to create innovative products and solutions that meet the growing demands of the connected world.
 
Juniper Networks is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with over 9,000 employees in 70 countries and nearly $5 billion in revenue. Our customers include the top 100 global service providers and 30,000 enterprises, including the Global Fortune 100 as well as hundreds of federal, state and local government agencies and higher educational organizations."
Hofincons Infote...,3.9,(209 Reviews),Chennai + 35 more,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"Hofincons is a 40 year old brand with approximately 4700+ employees with expertise in Industrial Asset Management including Plant Operations, Preventive and Predictive Maintenance, Condition Monitoring, Fabrication and Erection, Shutdown Maintenance Services, Materials and Data Management Services. The company is ISO-9001-2015; ISO 14001-2015 and BS OHSAS 18001- 2007 certified. Headquartered in Chennai, our operations are spread across 35 sites in 11 States in India; with presence in the Middle East, Africa and Malaysia. We cater to a range of industrial sectors including Power, Metal, Oil and Gas, and Engineering."
Athenahealth Tec...,4.5,(209 Reviews),Private,"Sydney,New South Wales + 3 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At athenahealth, it’s our vision to create a thriving ecosystem that delivers accessible, high-quality, and sustainable healthcare for all. With a thoughtful balance of humanity and technology, we’re able to uncover meaningful healthcare insights that can help create healthier futures for our families, our communities, and ourselves.

Our vibrant and talented employees spark the innovation and passion needed to accomplish our goals. We continue to expand our workforce with amazing people who bring diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives at every level, and foster an environment where we each feel comfortable bringing their best selves to work.

In 2021, we received 16 workplace awards, including worldwide recognition as a Silver winner in the 2021 Stevie® Awards for Great Employers."
REPCO HOME FINAN...,3.7,(209 Reviews),Public,Chennai + 65 more,23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Repco Home Finance Ltd (RHFL) is a professionally managed housing finance company head quartered in Chennai, Tamil Nadu. We were incorporated in April 2000. We are registered as a housing finance company with the National Housing Bank (NHB). As at the end of March 2018, RHFL is operating through 131 branches and 29 satellite centres in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Jharkhand, Kerala, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Odisha, West Bengal and Puducherry. The mission of RHFL has been to translate into reality the aspirations of people to own a house by covering the market -existing and potential- comprehensively through institutional credit support customized to suit individual needs in a transparent and ethical way. The salient and unique features of RHFL are innovative loan products, direct customer contact and customer ownership, focus on quality customer servicing, transparency and speed of operations, focus on relatively under-penetrated markets and balanced portfolio mix, robust risk management systems and processes, low cost operations, well recognized brand in south India with an established track record, stable and experienced senior management team. The Company’s products have been developed to suit the needs of different customers. We have witnessed a steady growth in the past by increasing our geographical footprint by deepening our reach selectively in existing regions and expanding to new regions, continuing focus on under penetrated markets, focus on risk management, accessing low cost and diversified sources of funds, and maintaining low operating costs. The company has a sound risk management system in place. RHFL will continue in its efforts to diversify its sources of funds to ensure its cost is kept at minimum. It will also strive to keep its operating costs to the minimum."
RadiSys,4.5,(209 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 3 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A global leader in open telecom solutions, Radisys enables communications service providers to drive disruption with new open architecture business models and meet the demands of the 4th Industrial Revolution with 50B connected devices. Radisys’ disaggregated and virtualized platforms leverage open architectures and methodologies and an open ecosystem of software and hardware, delivering interoperable and easily integrated solutions and services that accelerate service provider innovation and reduce total cost of ownership. With deep telecom experience and a DevOps core philosophy, Radisys’ world-class services organization converts open reference implementations into turnkey solutions that leverage a mix of open standards, open and proprietary components, and customizations to meet each service provider’s specific deployment requirements with faster time-to-market, lower cost and reduced risk. “Open Radisys” is the company’s commitment to making open telecom solutions a reality."
Rolta India,3.0,(209 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Rolta is a leading provider of innovative IT solutions for many vertical segments, including Federal and State Governments, Defense and Homeland Security, Utilities, Process, Power, Financial Services, Manufacturing, Retail, and Healthcare. These enterprise level solutions are built around Rolta’s intellectual property and domain expertise to offer unique business intelligence for impactful insights for effective decision making.

Rolta’s offering includes end-to-end solutions for geospatial applications for mapping and image processing, spatial data analysis and integration through Rolta Geospatial Fusion™. For the engineering sector, Rolta’s services and solutions cover the entire life-cycle for the process industry, from engineering design, to operational excellence with its Rolta OneView™ suite.

The development of Rolta’s IP-led approach has enabled us to also play in the large main-stream IT solutions and services market with differentiated offerings. Rolta offers comprehensive services for implementing enterprise-level applications and systems integration on multiple technology platforms. Rolta’s expertise encompasses EBS, ERP, CRM, and EPM, all high-impact areas of interest to CXOs. With deep domain expertise in our selected verticals, Rolta provides a comprehensive set of services for a company’s IT needs – from initial assessments, to development of an IT roadmap, including evaluation of Cloud and virtual data-center strategies, through sizing and implementation of complete solutions for optimal infrastructure configurations and enterprise-level business applications and analytics, with ongoing technical support.Rolta is a multinational organization headquartered in India. Rolta has executed projects in over 40 countries. Forbes Global ranked Rolta amongst the “Best 200 under a Billion” four times in six years. Rolta was included in the S&P Global Challengers List™, by Standard & Poor’s. The Company is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange, and forms part of various indices on BSE/NSE in India. The Company’s GDRs are listed on the Main Board of London Stock Exchange."
Naaptol Online S...,3.3,(209 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 20 more",15 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Launched in January 2008, naaptol has grown to become one of India's largest comparison based social shopping portal. A one-stop destination for shoppers, merchants and market enthusiasts, that binds buyers and sellers in a lucrative network, we at Naaptol help people connect better making the whole experience of buying easier for you.

Every day, we connect you to millions of sellers, products and buyers in a segregated and clutter free environment that helps you decide easy. When the decision is made, buying automatically follows.

We are the people bringing you smiles.
Started by 2 visionaries, Naaptol today has grown to a number that only honestly, integration and passion towards what you do can bring. From a tiny one digit number we have grown to an organization of a massive 3 digit who strive each day to deliver you smiles from across the country.

A team of dedicated and efficient employees (from here on will be referred to as Naaptolites) strive all day long to get nothing but the best out of availability. Talk sales, operations, technology or marketing, our combined expertise is under lined by a solid foundation of research and insight which helps us deliver the best in an engaging atmosphere!"
Gallagher Offsho...,4.0,(209 Reviews),Private,Pune + 4 more,17 years old,11-50 Employees (India),N/A
Kandhari Beverag...,3.8,(209 Reviews),Private,"Chandigarh,Chandigarh + 20 more",56 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"KANDHARI GROUP was established in 1967 by Late Mr. Teja Singh Kandhari. It is presently a progressive business house in India. The group’s first venture was a bottling unit as a franchisee of PARLE’s soft drink manufacturing “Gold Spot” under license from PARLE established at Amritsar in the north Indian state of Punjab. In 1993, the world renowned soft drink giant - Coca-Cola entered India and bought over PARLE brand of soft drink products. Being one of the star bottlers of PARLE, the Kandhari Group switched to manufacturing, bottling & marketing of Coca Cola products. Kandhari Beverages Pvt Ltd is among Coca-Cola India's top franchisee bottlers. Over a period of time, the Group ventured deep into Aerated Beverage, Juices and Water business and expanded its scope of operations to other Indian states including Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh, Himachal Pradesh and Jammu."
Škoda Auto Volks...,4.2,(209 Reviews),Pune + 5 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"ŠKODA AUTO VOLKSWAGEN INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED represents the passenger car subsidiaries of the Volkswagen Group in India. ŠKODA AUTO VOLKSWAGEN INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED has been formed following the merger of ŠKODA AUTO India Private Limited (SAIPL), Volkswagen India Private Limited (VWIPL), and Volkswagen Group Sales India Private Limited (NSC). Headquartered in Pune, ŠKODA AUTO VOLKSWAGEN INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED will be responsible for the business operations of five automotive brands in India: ŠKODA AUTO, Volkswagen, Audi, Porsche, and Lamborghini.

The Volkswagen Group has been present in India for the last 18 years; its India journey began with the entry of the ŠKODA brand in 2001. Audi and Volkswagen entered India in 2007, while Porsche and Lamborghini followed in 2012. Each brand has its own character and operates independently within the Indian market. Between the five brands, ŠKODA AUTO VOLKSWAGEN INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED offers more than 25 models to its customers via 225 plus dealership facilities and operates two production units: in Chakan, Pune and Shendra, Aurangabad. Between the two production facilities, ŠKODA AUTO VOLKSWAGEN INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED has a production capacity of 200,000 cars per year. The facility in Pune currently produces the Volkswagen Polo, Ameo, and Vento and the ŠKODA Rapid. The Aurangabad plant produces various premium and luxury models of ŠKODA, Volkswagen, and Audi.

ŠKODA AUTO VOLKSWAGEN INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED also boasts of an ultramodern Technology Centre that has been set up as part of the ‘INDIA 2.0’ project. The Technology Centre has laid the foundations for the development of products based on the MQB-A0-IN platform, which will be engineered and localized for the domestic market."
TI Cycles of Ind...,4.0,(208 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 22 more",74 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tube Investments of India Limited is a Murugappa Group company that specializes in engineering, bicycles, metal formed products, and chains. It is based in Chennai. It was incorporated as TI Cycles of India Limited in 1949, as a joint venture company."
Vedanta Limited,4.1,(208 Reviews),Jharsuguda + 30 more,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"Vedanta Limited is a globally diversified natural resources company with interests in zinc-lead-silver, Iron ore, Steel, Copper, Aluminium, Power, Oil and Gas.

We strive for a positive impact on the communities we operate in and leave a legacy of pride.

Operating responsibly and ethically is an integral part of Vedanta’s core values. We deliver on our commitments to all internal and external stakeholders by demonstrating these values through our actions, processes, systems and interactions. We constantly learn and develop; and endeavour to improve our operations. We are fully committed to working with integrity and have upheld ‘uncompromising business ethics’. While our business has expanded over the last 3 decades into many locations around the world, our operations have positively impacted the communities we operate in."
Jay Chemical Ind...,4.0,(208 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 15 more",56 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Our proactive customer service, excellence in quality and unparalleled economical products will make us the best and the biggest reactive dyestuff producer in the world. We are totally committed to upgrading social, economic and environmental conditions of mankind."
HUDL,3.6,(208 Reviews),Private,"Lincoln,Nebraska + 8 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Hudl is a leading performance analysis company revolutionizing the way coaches and athletes prepare for and stay ahead of the competition. Founded in 2006, Hudl offers a complete suite of products that empower more than 160,000 global sports teams at every level—from grassroots to professional organizations—to gather insights with video and data. Hudl’s products and services include online tools, mobile and desktop apps, smart cameras, analytics, professional consultation and more."
Astral Polytechn...,4.3,(208 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 42 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Astral Pipes was established in 1996 with the aim of manufacturing plumbing and drainage systems in India. Today, we cover the needs of millions of households, while adding extra mileage to India’s developing real estate fraternity with the hallmark of unbeaten quality.Astral Pipes aims to be a truly global, high-performing organisation delivering quality products and services to its customers and attain leadership position in the industries we operate in.Our values are aimed at creating an innovative, high-performance organization commited towards providing quality products to our customers. These values define our conduct with customers, partners, shareholders, employees, and society."
Maharashtra Hybr...,4.1,(208 Reviews),Private,"Jalna,Maharashtra + 45 more",59 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Maharashtra Hybrid Seeds Company Private Limited (Mahyco) is focused towards bringing innovation in agriculture through research & development, production, processing and marketing of seeds for India’s farming fraternity.Founded in 1964, Mahyco is the pioneer of high quality hybrid and open pollinated seeds. Through the use of cutting edge technology and intensive research activities, Mahyco has revolutionized the agrarian face of the country.Despite its growth and expansion, the company remains unchanged at its core. It is still driven by a visionary zeal and the belief that it is possible to improve the lives of farmers by using science to develop superior quality agricultural products."
Mahendra NextWea...,3.8,(208 Reviews),Salem + 10 more,14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Mahendra NextWealth is ISO 9001:2008 and ISO/IEC 27001 : 2013 certified with it's headquarters in Bangalore and partner's with NextWealth Entrepreneur's Private Limited (www.nextwealth.in). We started our operations in rural India in the small town of Mallasamudram (~25 Kilometers from Salem), Namakkal District, Tamil Nadu, in the year 2009 and have grown multifold then on. Our first client is a pioneer in the online tutoring business with whom we render online tutoring services for students up to K-12. We work closely with our clientele and have added on services for a leading educational publishing company for whom we provide content development services and a dominant leader in the US Healthcare Business Services for whom we manage the Revenue cycle, provide Medical Coding & Adjudication services.

As a leading IT & IT enabled Services provider, Mahendra NextWealth delivers highly reliable specialized services to govern priorities, people, and practice requirements of our clientele and integrate IT strategy and execution from our World-Class Operations Delivery Center at Mallasamudram.

Our clients, globally, rely highly on our offerings to optimize performance, improve bottom lines, manage risks & compliance, and control costs. Mahendra Next Wealth’s ITeS offerings are complemented by leading technologies and domain experts to ensure deliverance.

We have proven process and methodologies, delivering repeat success. Our approach is holistic and built to leverage upon the learnings from our daily experience to improve further and excel in everything we do."
Tata Power Solar...,4.2,(208 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 31 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tata power solar is India’s largest integrated solar company committed to enabling solar everywhere. Headquartered in Bangalore, Tata Power Solar operates in three distinct segments – cutting-edge manufacturing, EPC services and creating innovative solar products. - Nearly 3 decades of pioneering excellence in solar - 700 employees across 5 offices - 400MW of module and 300MW cell manufacturing facilities - Over 1.5 GW of our best-in-class solar modules shipped globally till date - EPC projects of 2.6 GW commissioned till date - 260 MW of solar roooftop and distributed generation projects commissioned - Positive environment impact through reduced carbon footprint by 10 million tonnes till date - Touched over 40 million lives till date - Fully integrated wafer to module manufacturing facility Disclaimer -The jobs visible on LinkedIn have not been posted by Tata Power Solar Systems Ltd. We have reported these fraudulent postings to LinkedIn and requested their immediate removal. The public at large are here by cautioned not to pay attention or act on these postings, Tata Power Solar and its group companies shall not have any liability for any loss or damage of any nature whatsoever suffered by any person or members of the public placing reliance on these fraudulent postings."
Kia,4.0,(208 Reviews),Seoul + 33 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Tata Electronics,3.9,(208 Reviews),Krishnagiri + 6 more,11-50 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Windlas Biotech,3.9,(208 Reviews),Gurugram + 7 more,22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"WINDLAS Biotech Private Limited, founded in 2001, operates globally and is committed to developing, manufacturing and marketing drugs of high therapeutic value for human consumption. Our company has three major verticals – Contract Manufacturing, Contract Development (for both Indian markets and exports) and branded generic formulation development.

Windlas Biotech operates two WHO-GMP approved plants in Dehradun, which cater to the contract manufacturing requirements of many domestic formulators including Mankind, Emcure Pharma, Zuventus, Biocon, Ranbaxy and other companies in this sector. We continue to partner with several domestic pharmaceutical companies, and facilitate product filings in the developing market (RoW) with the aim of catering to the local players.

Moreover, we have a significant presence in contract manufacturing in other parts of Asia and in Africa through our local partners in these countries.Our corporate headquarters is in Gurgaon, NCR (India). A wholly owned subsidiary, Windlas Healthcare Private Limited (WHC) engages in manufacturing generic products for regulated markets like United States and Europe.

We have been active for many years in the contract manufacturing business, offering a wide range of services for pharmaceuticals production"
LuLu Group Inter...,3.9,(385 Reviews),Private,"Abu Dhabi,Abu Dhabi + 26 more",57 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"LuLu Group International today is a highly diversified entity with operations spanning a vast geographical landscape. Spearheaded by the retail division, the Group has interests in Imports & Exports, Trading, Shipping, IT, Travel & Tourism and Education. With an annual turnover in excess of US $ 7.4 billion globally and staff strength of over 50,000 the Group is considered a major player in the economic scenario of the Middle East. A true follower of ethical business practices, the Group is a key partner in the development of the community."
Grey Orange,3.6,(207 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 8 more",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"GreyOrange is a global company that modernizes order fulfillment through Artificial Intelligence-driven software and AI-driven mobile robots built together so they cooperate in deciding on and executing warehouse activities that maximize payoffs and minimize tradeoffs to create the highest yield. The company’s Always-Solving™ fulfillment operating system GreyMatter ™ considers predictive and real-time data regarding orders, promises, inventory, shipping windows, and resources to orchestrate how workers and the Company’s Ranger™ series of robots work together across a warehouse to keep Inventory in Motion ™ and accelerate fulfilling the right orders at the right time. GreyOrange experts help organizations master fulfillment in the Age of Immediacy so they keep promises, capture more revenue, save money on fulfillment and improve the work experience for warehouse employees. GreyOrange has core operations in the United States, Singapore, Germany, Japan, and India."
Systems Plus,4.6,(207 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,Texas + 5 more",36 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Founded by Mr. Nikunj Jhaveri in 1987, Systems+ started out as a niche business solutions provider specializing in Technology Consulting services and ADM (Applications Development and Maintenance) services. Since then, we have expanded our capabilities to include Managed GIC services (a disruptive alternative to offshoring), DevOps, Cloud Consulting, e-commerce Consulting, RPA and SOC/ NOC services. Working with large multinationals in sectors such as (but not limited to) Retail, FMCG, Logistics, Manufacturing and Telecom has given us an edge over our competition. Our one-step-at-a-time approach enables seamless integration of the latest tech with legacy based systems to form a perfectly curated IT ecosystem with maximum business agility in today’s age of digital transformation. 
What really makes us stand out are the values that define us. Through the years, Systems+ has always perpetuated gender neutral workplaces and a work culture full of openness, equality, integrity, honesty, humility and most importantly, giving back to society. With a philosophy of always keeping our customer first and more than three decades of experience in developing disruptive solutions, our perfect play of talent and technology will ensure your business’s customized needs are met, and that you #GetITRight."
NetApp,4.0,(207 Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 3 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NetApp is the data authority for hybrid cloud. We provide a full range of hybrid cloud data services that simplify management of applications and data across cloud and on-premises environments to accelerate digital transformation. Together with our partners, we empower global organizations to unleash the full potential of their data to expand customer touchpoints, foster greater innovation and optimize their operations."
Rashmi Group,3.6,(207 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 14 more",57 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Rashmi Group of companies is a fast growing Group in the field of manufacturing Ductile Iron Pipe, steel, cement,Dredging,Laptop & Mobile. The company has developed core competence in minerals, steel and cement with 4 deacades of experience. The Group's turnover is around 450 Million USD. The year was 1966, and it took one man Sri Sajjan Kumar Patwari, a visionary in the truest sense, to conceive an Organisation, the Rashmi Group Of Companies, which evolved as one of the fastest growing Business Conglomerates in the Eastern part of India.Rashmi Group awarded 'Ultra Mega Project'​ status by Govt. of West Bengal."
Electronica Fina...,3.8,(207 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 59 more",33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Electronica Finance Ltd, incorporated in 1990, is a part of the SRP Electronica Group and a pioneer in the field of Machine Finance. After an eventful journey of close to 3 decades, EFL today has more than 50 offices across the country, has served more than 7500 customers and has an AUM in excess of Rs.1250 crores. The origin of the SRP Electronica Group was that of a manufacturing company started by a group of first-generation technocrats. With the experience of starting a new business also came the realization about the challenges, especially financial, that a typical SME business has to face. As a result, the group’s understanding of machines, as well as manufacturing experience, was leveraged to start financing of machine purchases, which at that time was a pioneering effort. This understanding was also used to start other innovative services like doorstep finance and assessment-based financing. Very soon, EFL started financing machines of other manufacturers in the machine tool as well as other industries. EFL’s ground-breaking products, services and last mile connectivity were also recognized by SIDBI, which resulted in a partnership which is now more than 12 years old."
Sun Pharma Labor...,4.2,(207 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 34 more",40 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"Sun Pharma Laboratories Limited (""SPLL"" or ""Company"") is a pharmaceutical company having registered office in Mumbai, Maharashtra. The Company manufactures and markets pharmaceutical products in India. It was incorporated on January 17, 1997. On March 9, 2012, it became a wholly owned subsidiary of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (SPIL). The Domestic Formulation Undertaking of SPIL was transferred to the Company with effect from March 31, 2012, pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement between Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited and the Company. The shares of the Company are not listed on any of the Stock Exchanges.

SPLL is engaged in the business of manufacturing and promoting Branded Generic pharmaceutical products and has a market share of 5.6% as per AIOCD AWACS ‐October 2015. The Company has four plants located in Sikkim and Jammu. It has strong foothold in the therapeutic segments of Neurology & Psychiatry, Central Nervous System, Cardiology, Gastroenterology, Diabetes, Gynecology etc. The Company is a market leader in India in the chronic segment, which contributes over 60% of its revenue as per AIOCD AWACS ‐October 2015. It offers a complete therapy basket with specialization in technically complex products. Among the country’s top 300 pharmaceutical brands, SPLL owns 19 brands. It has a strong field force of over 3,200 people who promote products to over 150,000 doctors across India. The field force has well-trained sales representatives with a strong track record of performance and enjoys one of the highest productivity amongst Indian pharmaceutical companies. The Company has consistently outperformed the average industry growth over years. As per February 2015 SMSRC report, the Company was ranked No.1 by prescriptions with 7 class of specialist doctors."
Alicon Castalloy,3.8,(207 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 7 more",33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Our group companies comprising Alicon Castalloy Ltd. (formerly known as Enkei Castalloy), Atlas Castalloy Ltd., Silicon Meadows Engineering Services Ltd. & Illichmann Castalloy (GmbH & S.R.O.), work together seamlessly, blending their capabilities to forge long-lasting customer relationships and consistently increase shareholder value. Today, we are one of the largest integrated aluminium casting manufacturers offering full-system-solutions across the entire value chain.

We are widely regarded as pioneers in Low Pressure Die Casting and Gravity & Sand Casting, and have earned a reputation for delivering high quality performance products for industry stalwarts from diverse sectors. We set the pace for improving component performance and raising industry benchmarks. We challenge the status-quo today, to innovate for tomorrow."
El Seif Engineer...,4.4,(207 Reviews),Private,Riyadh + 12 more,48 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"El Seif Engineering Contracting Company is one of the top construction companies in Saudi Arabia and the Middle East, established in 1975. It is reputable provider of world-class construction and engineering services with a long list of prestigious projects which represents some of the region’s major urban centers.

Since the day it was founded, the emphasis of El Seif has been on delivering quality works, with the highest standards of safety. Due to its ongoing success, the company has earned an unquestionnable reputation for delivering quality projects on time and on budget for demanding clients in both private and public sectors.

El Seif, as one of the few Saudi contractors, has combined the three main certicates in quality management, health and safety, and environmental management systems (ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001)."
Haldia Petrochem...,3.8,(207 Reviews),Private,Kolkata + 10 more,38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd is a modern naphtha based Petrochemical Complex located 125 kms from Kolkata, at Haldia, West Bengal, India. We are a customer focused organization, recognized as a leading supplier of quality products and services.

A symbol of industrial resurgence in West Bengal, HPL has led the economic growth of the region by propelling significant investments in downstream processing industries, which generate huge employment opportunities for skilled and unskilled workers. Through strategic market focus, innovative product application development and excellent customer support services, HPL has played the role of a catalyst in emergence of more than 500 downstream processing industries in West Bengal with a capacity to process more than 3,50,000 TPA of polymers and generating more than 1,50,000 employment opportunities in the process. With dedicated efforts, HPL truly symbolizes its motto - ""Come Grow With Us""."
Alicon Castalloy,3.8,(207 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 7 more",33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Our group companies comprising Alicon Castalloy Ltd. (formerly known as Enkei Castalloy), Atlas Castalloy Ltd., Silicon Meadows Engineering Services Ltd. & Illichmann Castalloy (GmbH & S.R.O.), work together seamlessly, blending their capabilities to forge long-lasting customer relationships and consistently increase shareholder value. Today, we are one of the largest integrated aluminium casting manufacturers offering full-system-solutions across the entire value chain.

We are widely regarded as pioneers in Low Pressure Die Casting and Gravity & Sand Casting, and have earned a reputation for delivering high quality performance products for industry stalwarts from diverse sectors. We set the pace for improving component performance and raising industry benchmarks. We challenge the status-quo today, to innovate for tomorrow."
NetApp,4.0,(207 Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 3 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NetApp is the data authority for hybrid cloud. We provide a full range of hybrid cloud data services that simplify management of applications and data across cloud and on-premises environments to accelerate digital transformation. Together with our partners, we empower global organizations to unleash the full potential of their data to expand customer touchpoints, foster greater innovation and optimize their operations."
Systems Plus,4.6,(207 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,Texas + 5 more",36 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Founded by Mr. Nikunj Jhaveri in 1987, Systems+ started out as a niche business solutions provider specializing in Technology Consulting services and ADM (Applications Development and Maintenance) services. Since then, we have expanded our capabilities to include Managed GIC services (a disruptive alternative to offshoring), DevOps, Cloud Consulting, e-commerce Consulting, RPA and SOC/ NOC services. Working with large multinationals in sectors such as (but not limited to) Retail, FMCG, Logistics, Manufacturing and Telecom has given us an edge over our competition. Our one-step-at-a-time approach enables seamless integration of the latest tech with legacy based systems to form a perfectly curated IT ecosystem with maximum business agility in today’s age of digital transformation. 
What really makes us stand out are the values that define us. Through the years, Systems+ has always perpetuated gender neutral workplaces and a work culture full of openness, equality, integrity, honesty, humility and most importantly, giving back to society. With a philosophy of always keeping our customer first and more than three decades of experience in developing disruptive solutions, our perfect play of talent and technology will ensure your business’s customized needs are met, and that you #GetITRight."
IOCL Refinery,4.5,(207 Reviews),Public,New Delhi + 30 more,64 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Welcome to the world of IndianOil, a diversified, integrated energy major with presence in almost all the streams of oil, gas, petrochemicals and alternative energy sources; a world of high-calibre people, state-of-the-art technologies and cutting-edge R&D; a world of best practices, quality-consciousness and transparency; and a world where energy in all its forms is tapped most responsibly and delivered to the consumers most affordably.

Being The Energy of India is much more than just notching up high turnover (Rs. 6,05,924 crore or US$ 87 billion in 2018-19). It's far more than being ranked 117th among the world's largest corporates in Fortune's 'Global 500' listing, and the vision to become 'a globally admired company.'

Being The Energy of India is about IndianOil, with its over 33,500-strong team, taking the lead in meeting India's energy demands efficiently and effectively today, just as it has done over the last six decades, and an enterprise that fuels India's core sector for economic development.

Being The Energy of India is about IndianOil's business interests encompassing the entire hydrocarbon value chain- from refining, pipeline transportation & marketing, to exploration & production of crude oil & gas, petrochemicals, gas marketing, alternative energy sources and globalisation of downstream operations. Click here to know more about our business.

Being The Energy of India is also about IndianOil's global aspirations, fulfilled to an extent by the formation of subsidiaries in Sri Lanka, Mauritius, the UAE, Singapore, Sweden, USA and The Netherlands. It is about pursuing diverse business interests with the setting up of over 20 joint ventures with reputed business partners from India and abroad to explore global opportunities.

As The Energy of India, IndianOil accounts for nearly half of India's petroleum products market share, with sales of about 90 million tonnes in 2018-19. Over 32% national refining capacity and 71% downstream sector pipelines throughput capacity are with IndianOil. What's more, the IndianOil Group owns and operates 11 of India's 23 refineries, with a combined refining capacity of 80.7 million metric tonnes per annum (MMTPA). IndianOil refineries are on the last leg of upgradations to produce world-class BS-VI compliant automotive fuels for supplies across the country from 1st April, 2020.

IndianOil's 14,200-km cross-country pipelines network facilitates the transportation of crude oil to refineries and finished products to high-demand centres in an efficient, economical and environment-friendly manner. Its throughput capacity of 94.20 MMTPA for crude oil and petroleum products and 21.69 MMSCMD for gas makes it one of the largest pipeline networks in the world.

As the commercial enterprise with the largest customer interface in India, IndianOil reaches precious petroleum fuels to every nook and corner of the country through its network of over 50,000 customer touch-points, surmounting the challenges of tough terrain, climate and accessibility. This includes 27,700+ fuel stations (petrol pumps), including over 8,000 Kisan Seva Kendra (KSK) outlets in rural markets, all of them fully automated for quality & quantity assurance.

For the convenience of large-volume consumers like the defence services, railways, state transport undertakings, industrial, agricultural and marine sectors, IndianOil has about 7,000 dedicated fuel pumps in operation at their doorstep to ensure timely delivery of products and efficient maintenance of inventory.

For IndianOil, all customers, bulk or retail, are equal and have the right to quality products and efficient services. With this belief, the IndianOil team reaches Indane LPG cooking gas right up to the doorsteps of 14.8 crore households through a network of about 12,000 distributors. The Corporation is promoting LPG aggressively as a clean cooking fuel across socio-economic divides.

IndianOil's Aviation Service commands a 60% market share in aviation fuel, serving national and international flag carriers, private airlines and the Indian defence services with equal efficiency.

The countrywide marketing network is backed for supplies by 125 bulk storage terminals and depots and 91 LPG bottling plants, besides 116 aviation fuel stations and 13 lube blending plants.

As the 'company of choice' for millions of customers from diverse segments, IndianOil has also built up a portfolio of leading energy brands, including Indane LPG cooking gas, SERVO lubricants, XTRAPREMIUM petrol, XTRAMILE diesel, PROPEL petrochemicals, etc. Besides the corporate brand, both SERVO and Indane are over 50 year old brands and have earned the coveted Superbrand status.

IndianOil's sprawling R&D Centre at Faridabad, one of Asia's finest in downstream petroleum R&D, offers competitive advantage to the Corporation through world-class technology and process solutions and innovative products. With four decades of pioneering work in lubricants formulation, refinery processes and pipeline transportation, the Centre has garnered about 800 patents, of which nearly 550 are international patents.

The vibrant research undertaken in tribology is showcased by IndianOil's SERVO productline comprising more than 4,000 lubricant & grease formulations and 850 active grades to suit virtually every application. In addition, the Centre has also developed several refinery process technologies and catalysts specially suited to Indian conditions. The Centre's forte also includes alternative energy programmes in bio-energy, solar energy, Hydrogen energy, H-CNG blends, synthetic fuels and shale oil. It is also focussing on cutting-edge research in nanotechnology, petrochemicals & polymers, coal gasification/liquefaction, and gas-to-liquid technologies. The Centre is also nurturing an eco-system conducive for innovations in the domestic hydrocarbons sector through a Startup Fund.

Over the past decade, IndianOil has assiduously built its new businesses, that is, petrochemicals and natural gas marketing, to a level where they have achieved integration with the core verticals. The Corporation's upstream forays into Exploration & production have also yielded significant results in the form of a sizeable portfolio of oil & gas assets in India and abroad.

Besides being the second largest player in the domestic petrochemicals market, with 3.15 MMTPA capacity, IndianOil exports to over 70 countries, offering the complete slate of petrochemical products and intermediates under the brand name PROPEL. The Corporation has set up world-scale petrochemical plants at Gujarat, Panipat and Paradip refineries over the last two decades with a capex of over Rs. 25,000 crore, and has firm plans to invest Rs. 26,000 crore more till the year 2023-24 to consolidate business, expand capacities and enter niche grades. These projects include revamp/augmentation of existing capacities and new projects, forward integration plans into plastics and textiles parks as well as equity investment in Hindustan Urvarak & Rasayan Ltd. (HURL) for production of fertilizer.

As the second largest player in India in natural gas, IndianOil is aggressively promoting this eco-friendly fuel among all user segments: industry-transport-homes-commercial establishments. The Corporation aspires for leadership in the R-LNG segment, and is investing/enhancing share in LNG sourcing, import terminals, cross-country gas pipelines, city gas distribution (CGD) networks and bulk supplies by road-tankers. With an ambitious agenda of covering 40 Geographical Areas (GA) on its own as well as with reputed joint venture partners, IndianOil's investment on development of CGD networks, to offer piped natural gas (PNG) to households and compressed natural gas (CNG) as auto-fuel, in the next eight years is likely to be about Rs. 10,000 crore.

Upstream integration into E&P defines IndianOil's vision to bolster its energy security by way of strategic investments in oil equity across the globe. The Corporation's current upstream portfolio by way of Participating Interest comprises 10 domestic E&P assets and 12 overseas assets in 10 countries. With an upstream integration ratio of 5.5% and a balanced portfolio of producing, discovered and exploration assets, the Corporation has achieved significant progress in terms of 2P reserves, production volumes, equity oil and revenues.

IndianOil has planned for Rs. 2 lakh crore (US$ 29 billion) investments in the next 5-7 years: Besides focus on refinery expansions, new technologies for clean fuels & enhanced outputs, and refinery-petrochemicals integration, IndianOil is aggressively leveraging its R&D expertise to move into horizon technologies like 2G & 3G ethanol, bio-fuels, coal gasification, H-CNG, Hydrogen fuel cells, battery technologies, etc. These technologies, along with cleaner fuels and higher engine efficiencies, can offer sustainable solutions to today's energy challenges."
Sun Pharma Labor...,4.2,(207 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 34 more",40 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"Sun Pharma Laboratories Limited (""SPLL"" or ""Company"") is a pharmaceutical company having registered office in Mumbai, Maharashtra. The Company manufactures and markets pharmaceutical products in India. It was incorporated on January 17, 1997. On March 9, 2012, it became a wholly owned subsidiary of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (SPIL). The Domestic Formulation Undertaking of SPIL was transferred to the Company with effect from March 31, 2012, pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement between Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited and the Company. The shares of the Company are not listed on any of the Stock Exchanges.

SPLL is engaged in the business of manufacturing and promoting Branded Generic pharmaceutical products and has a market share of 5.6% as per AIOCD AWACS ‐October 2015. The Company has four plants located in Sikkim and Jammu. It has strong foothold in the therapeutic segments of Neurology & Psychiatry, Central Nervous System, Cardiology, Gastroenterology, Diabetes, Gynecology etc. The Company is a market leader in India in the chronic segment, which contributes over 60% of its revenue as per AIOCD AWACS ‐October 2015. It offers a complete therapy basket with specialization in technically complex products. Among the country’s top 300 pharmaceutical brands, SPLL owns 19 brands. It has a strong field force of over 3,200 people who promote products to over 150,000 doctors across India. The field force has well-trained sales representatives with a strong track record of performance and enjoys one of the highest productivity amongst Indian pharmaceutical companies. The Company has consistently outperformed the average industry growth over years. As per February 2015 SMSRC report, the Company was ranked No.1 by prescriptions with 7 class of specialist doctors."
Hitech Digital S...,4.2,(207 Reviews),LLP,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 11 more",31 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We partner with you from assessment to execution to improve cycle times and reduce costs by identifying functions that can be automated, digitalized or outsourced.

Our passion is data and digital technologies. Our mission is architecting solutions that improve key business outcomes at project, service or enterprise levels. Combining technology, consumer insights and domain knowledge, we map and enable your digital transformation journeys from automation, analytics-supported product or process re-design to data monetization.

Our success is measured by the positive impact we can bring to your organization. We win when you win."
Sumitomo Chemica...,4.1,(208 Reviews),Private,"Chuo City,Tokyo + 44 more",98 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Sumitomo Chemical has developed a number of plant protection chemicals, ranging from conventional insecticides, fungicides and herbicides to new types of products, including plant growth regulators. These products are marketed in more than 110 countries around the world."
Roquette Riddhi ...,3.8,(206 Reviews),Private,Lestrem + 13 more,90 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Roquette is a global leader in plant-based ingredients, a pioneer of plant proteins and a leading provider of pharmaceutical excipients.In collaboration with its customers and partners, the group addresses current and future societal challenges by unlocking the potential of nature to offer the best ingredients for food, nutrition and health markets. These ingredients respond to unique and essential needs, enable healthier lifestyles and are critical components of life-saving medicines.Thanks to a constant drive for innovation and a long-term vision, the group is committed to improving the well-being of millions of people all over the world while taking care of resources and territories.Roquette currently operates in over 100 countries, has a turnover of around 3.7 billion euros and employs 8,670 people worldwide."
Algonomy,4.0,(206 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 6 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Algonomy (previously Manthan-RichRelevance) is a global leader in algorithmic customer engagement powering digital first strategies for retailers and brands. With industry-leading retail expertise in connecting demand to supply with a real-time customer data platform as the foundation, Algonomy enables 1:1 omnichannel personalization, customer journey orchestration and customer analytics with Xen AI at its core.

Globally, over 400 retail brands such as HP, L’oreal, Tiffany & Co, McDonalds, Zalora and Pizza Hut use Algonomy’s made-for-retail solutions to orchestrate hyper-personalized customer engagement and optimize their merchandising and supplier management. Algonomy, which stands for “systematized knowledge of algorithms”, provides rapid time to value across acquisition, conversion, growth, and loyalty with its 300+ pre-built algorithms.

Headquartered in San Francisco and Bangalore, our presence spans over 20 countries."
Secure Value,3.4,(206 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 55 more",21 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Securevalue India Limited (SVIL), a Subsidiary of AGS Transact Technologies Ltd., is India’s fastest growing and a leading provider of Cash Management Services. It focuses on the safe transit and management of currency and valuables for Banks, Financial Institutions and Retailers. The company offers Complete Line Maintenance with highest levels of efficiency, a reliable, safe, customised and timely integrated logistics services for high valued goods and currency.Instated with state-of-the-art technology, Securevalue provides cash management services to approximately 38,000+ ATMS across the country. The company’s major lines of services include ATM & cash replenishment services, Cash-in-Transit (CIT), Cash Processing, Cash Vault Services, Cash Pick up Services and Bullion Movement.Securevalue operates over 1800+ cities and towns across the country, through an expansive infrastructure of over 2,000 secured vehicles and growing workforce of about 7,900+."
Quinnox,4.1,(206 Reviews),Private,"Chicago,Illinois + 4 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Leveraging our strategic alliances with technology product companies including SAP, Software AG, Calypso, IBM and Oracle, among others we offer collaborative, cost-effective and high value solutions to our clients."
Reliance Money,4.3,(206 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 41 more",17 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"In the rapidly progressing Indian economy, every individual plays a crucial role in driving growth. But despite the commendable contribution to the Nation's economy, a majority of Indians do not get access to formal sources of funds. We are here to enable the growth of every individual who empowers the growth of the nation.We have committed ourselves to the mission of making India independent, in its true sense by enabling every Small and Medium Enterprise (SME) & retail consumer realize their true potential and become self-reliant entities. For the last 9 years, through our customised and convenient financial solutions, we have helped create success stories out of over 4,00,000 MSMEs across the country and disbursed over Rs 88,000 crores to them.By empowering our customers and helping them realise their business dreams, we hope to power India's journey towards self-reliance.Retaining the core values of Reliance Commercial Finance Ltd., we have now adopted a new brand name to signify our wide range of financial solutions that cater to our customer's evolving financial needs."
Park Hospital,3.6,(206 Reviews),"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 13 more",41 years old,501-1k Employees (Global),N/A,"Inspired by the noble vision to deliver highest quality personalised healthcare at affordable rates , Park Group of Hospitals is 35 year old healthcare provider established by Dr.Ajit Gupta. The first hospital was established in Malviya Nagar South Delhi in 1982 Under the adept guidance of Dr. Ajit Gupta and with his rich experience , our Group has evolved as one of the fastest growing chain of Super Speciality affordable hospitals in Delhi NCR & Haryana .We are committed to deliver comprehensive and advanced tertiary healthcare through our network of 8 hospitals spread across Delhi NCR & Haryana with approximately 1500 beds."
Cordova Publicat...,3.1,(206 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 44 more",14 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"The first indigenous company to define, design and deliver technology supported textbooks with web based support, for indigenous schools, Cordova Publications, in the last nine years has touched more than 1.5 billion learners and educators across the globe."
GSP Crop Science,3.9,(206 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 24 more",38 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"GSP Crop Science Private Ltd., established in early 70's primarily engaged in manufacturing of Single Super Phosphate fertilizer. Later during mid 1990's entered in to the world of Pesticide Formulations. Having successful achievement on branding of Crop Protection Products in Indian market, from the year 1993 onwards the group started manufacturing of Technical A.I.'s with complete backward integration. Presently, it spreads in 70,000 Sq. Mt. area with four multi location ISO 9001, 14001 & OHSAS 18001 certified manufacturing sites in Ahmedabad and Baroda (Gujarat-India). Our own R&D Center is accredited by the Department of Scientific & Industrial Research Technology Bhavan (DSIR), Government of India - Ministry of Science & Technology, New Delhi."
Linkquest Teleco...,3.4,(206 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 33 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"End to End Telecom Solution provider with Multi-vendor and multi-platform expertise. LinkQuest operates in more than 22 countries including India, Middle East, ASEAN and African countries. We are Tier I Vendor to all OEMs and Operators Established vendor to Ericsson, NSN, Huawei, P3 and Teoco, others Globally.Equipped with the necessary tools and theoretical background, our team of experienced consultants and engineers are capable of delivering an efficient dimensioning solution to any type of 2G/3G/4G/LTE etc. network. We ensure a dimensioning plan that is customized for the particular topology and traffic distribution.LinkQuest has also been in the field of providing manpower involving various levels of skills to multiple organisations including Samsung, Ericsson, NSN, Airtel, etc. Currently we have more than 1000 employees who are on our payroll working for our customers"
Bluechip Corpora...,4.2,(206 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 65 more",27 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Bluechip is India's largest Retail Financial Products Distribution House & has become the first choice of Indian Retail Financial Investing Community.We attribute this success to our people & believe they are most important asset and it is their contribution that has enabled us to achieve our status. Our efforts have always been to provide them with the best development opportunities & the Bluechip family is still growing, strong & motivated members is a standing testimony to this.

We are the leading distributors for All Investment & Savings products viz. Mutual Funds,     GOI Bonds, Corporate Fixed Deposit / Bonds, Infrastructure Bonds, Equity IPOs, etc. We have Branches spread across India in all Major Cities. We deal directly with our clients, No Franchises     & No Sub Agents. We do not advertise.

Over 5 Lac families are routing their investments through our offices regularly with our greatest asset     being our Clients patronage. Our popular Client service, Home Advice, brings the world of financial products right to your door step."
Capital Small Fi...,4.2,(206 Reviews),Jalandhar + 40 more,24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Capital Small Finance Bank Limited started operations as India's 1st Small Finance Bank on April 24, 2016 after conversion from Capital Local Area Bank. Prior to conversion to a Small Finance Bank, Capital Local Area Bank was operating as India's largest local area bank since January 14, 2000.

The Bank pioneered in bringing modern banking facilities to the rural areas at low cost. The Bank introduced 7-Day branch banking with extended banking hours since its first day of operations. The focus to serve common man and the local touch advantage has given the Bank a competitive edge over other banks operating in the region. Within a short period, most of the branches become market leaders of their respective centres. The Bank is providing safe, efficient and service oriented repository of savings to the local community while reducing their dependence on moneylenders by making need based credit easily available.

The Bank transitioned from a Local Area Bank to Small Finance Bank with 47 Branches. In a short span, 103 new Branches have become operational, taking the total number of Branches to 150. After establishing a strong footprint in the state of Punjab, the Bank has now started expansion to the states of Delhi, Haryana, Rajasthan along with Union Territory of Chandiagarh.

Capital Small Finance Bank has been granted Scheduled Status by the Reserve Bank of India vide Notification dated February 16, 2017.

The total business of the Bank has crossed Rs.7,350 crores with over 6,50,000 accounts. The Bank has 80% of its business in rural and semi urban areas, with priority sector lending of 81.28% of the Adjusted Net Bank Credit as on March 31, 2019. The Bank is extending loans primarily to small borrowers. As on March 31, 2019, 54.10% of the total advances are up to the ticket size of Rs.25 lacs.

Conversion of the Bank to Small Finance Bank has removed the geographical barriers for expansion, resulting in exponential growth of the Bank in all spheres. The business of the Bank is expected to grow to Rs.18,000 crores by March 31, 2023 with 265 number of Branches."
Sata Vikas India,3.8,(206 Reviews),JV,"Aurangabad,Maharashtra + 8 more",16 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"SATA Vikas was founded in 2007 as a Joint Venture between SATA Group & Vikas Group. It was set up with the vision to capture the growth in Indian Automotive market. Comprising of 187 CNC machines, SATA Vikas has engineering capabilities in the areas of machining and assembly of products – it primarily consists of engine, suspension& transmission components for the automotive OEM segment, including for passenger cars, utility vehicles, commercial vehicles and Off- Road vehicles"
Joyalukkas,4.0,(206 Reviews),Private,Dubai + 54 more,36 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Joyalukkas is one of the largest jewellery retail chains in the world which offers a scintillating choice of over one million exquisitely designed jewellery in gold, diamond, precious stone, platinum, polki and pearl. Designed by master craftsmen under the best quality standards, every piece of jewellery is created to cater to the dreams and desires of all jewellery lovers around the world. The ‘Joyalukkas’ brand today has earned the tag of the ‘world’s favourite jeweller’ by ensuring the widest choice, best price, excellent service and 100% assurance."
Supr Daily,3.9,(206 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 22 more",8 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Supr Daily is a daily delivery service pioneering the grocery revolution in India. We leverage the power of the milk railroad to deliver eggs, bread, fruits, veggies, and other groceries to your doorstep by 7 am, daily. Founded by Puneet Kumar and Shreyas Nagdawane, alumni of IIT and IIM, Supr Daily began its journey in the suburbs of Mumbai."
Fossil Group,3.8,(206 Reviews),Private,"Richardson,Texas + 25 more",39 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Over thirty years ago, we were known as the small watch company that put their watches in colorful, expressive tins. While we still keep that tradition alive, we've grown to become so much more. Fossil Group Inc. is now a global design, marketing, distribution and innovation company specializing in a variety of lifestyle accessories. Under a diverse portfolio of owned and licensed brands, we make fashion watches, jewelry, handbags, small leather goods and wearables. We are committed to delivering the best in design and innovation across our owned brands, Fossil, Michele, Misfit, Relic, Skagen and Zodiac, and licensed brands Armani Exchange, BMW, Chaps, Diesel, DKNY, Emporio Armani, kate spade new york, Marc Jacobs, Michael Kors, Puma and Tory Burch. From concept to consumer, we bring each brand story to life through an authentic approach to design and an extensive distribution network across numerous geographies, categories and channels."
Zf Wind Power,4.1,(206 Reviews),"Lommel,Belgium + 4 more",100 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,ZF Wind Power stands for the highest quality at competitive cost of energy and customer proximity around the globe.
Four Points By S...,4.5,(205 Reviews),"Bethesda,Maryland + 27 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Four Points by Sheraton is travel reinvented. Four Points serves as the center of where business meets pleasure, enabling guests to kick back and relax on the road. Designed for the smart, independent traveler, Four Points offers the timeless style and comfort guests are looking for, coupled with genuine service and everything that matters most, all around the world. Four Points hotels can be found in sprawling urban centers, near the closest airport, on the beach, or nestled in the suburbs. Each hotel offers a familiar and authentic sense of the local, friendly service that allows guests to relax and unwind, watch local sports, and enjoy the brand’s Best Brews program. Best Brews provides guests with the chance to sample craft beers and enjoy authentic local flavors at every hotel pub across the brand’s 200+ property portfolio with each brew strategically chosen for its unique flavor, popularity and quality ingredients. Committed to improving productivity while on the road, Four Points also offers what business travelers around the world need most, including free in-room water, in-room and public space Wi-Fi and more. A true global brand, Four Points is 4th in total number of properties open outside North America amongst Marriott International’s entire portfolio."
Innominds Softwa...,3.3,(205 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 5 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Innominds is a trusted innovation acceleration partner focused on designing, developing and delivering technology solutions for specialized practices in Big Data & Analytics, Connected Devices, and Security, helping enterprises with their digital transformation initiatives. We built these practices on top of our foundational services of innovation, like UX/UI, application development and testing."
Pratibha Industr...,4.3,(205 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 16 more",41 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"PRATIBHA INDUSTRIES LIMITED (PIL), the flagship company of the Pratibha Group is dedicated and committed to providing the society at large with quality infrastructure in its field of expertise which currently include design, engineering and execution/construction of complex & integrated water transmission & distribution projects, water treatment plants, elevated and underground reservoirs, mass housing projects, commercial complexes, pre-cast design & construction, road construction and real estate.
The company which started with pre-cast products in just over two decades, has created a technical niche for itself graduating into a multifunctional construction and infrastructure development company of repute with annual turn over of INR 8060 million.Our rapid and consistent growth over the years bear testimony to our focus on dedication, quality of production and services through continuously evolving technologies along with timely execution of projects which has won us accolades and repeated business from our clientele."
Raptakos Brett a...,3.4,(205 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 38 more",93 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Raptakos, Brett & Co.Ltd has been serving the medical profession globally, with a wide range of high quality healthcare products for nearly 9 Decades now.Raptakos, Brett & Co. Ltd. was established in 1930 by two great visionaries – Mr. A.Raptakos & Mr. W.H.Brett, with the mission of serving the nutritional needs of people. See pacificdreamscapes.com for more"
New Holland Fiat...,4.2,(205 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 31 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),New Holland Fiat India Pvt Ltd was established in the year 1998and has its headquarters in Delhi. They manufacture and sells agricultural equipment.
Lambda Therapeut...,3.7,(205 Reviews),Private,Ahmedabad + 4 more,25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We, Lambda Therapeutic Research Limited are a leading global Clinical Research Organization (CRO) headquartered in Ahmedabad – India, with facilities and operations in Mumbai (India), Mehsana (India), Toronto (Canada), Warsaw (Poland), London (UK), Pittsburgh (USA), Las Vegas (USA) and Fargo (USA). Over 1500 employees are working across the globe in these facilities.

Lambda offers Full-spectrum clinical trial solutions empowered by more than 20 years of service to the biopharmaceutical and generic industry. At Lambda, our gamut of services under the clinical research domain are executed with comprehensive efforts, to deliver positive results. Led by a management team of highly qualified & experienced industry leaders, we apply innovative technologies, therapeutic expertise and a commitment to quality in order to help clients develop products safely, effectively and quickly.

Delivering the best is accomplished by hiring the best. Employees are the pillars that hold up every quality promise that we make. That’s why, we at Lambda are always looking for qualified and energetic individuals, with a desire for excellence, to join our team."
Ford India,4.7,(205 Reviews),Chennai + 16 more,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
EC-Council,4.6,(204 Reviews),Private,Petaling Jaya + 7 more,18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"E-commerce business consultancy based on real world experience as market leaders in different European countries. We help you to get it right from start ;-)

We worked as founders, CEO or CMO for:

www.slanket.fr
www.champagneendirect.fr
www.growerchampagnedirect.com
www.unibet.com
www.freerecordshop.com"
Rajsriya Automot...,3.2,(204 Reviews),Private,"Hosur,Tamil Nadu + 6 more",46 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Rajsriya group involved in Engineering of a wide range of assemblies covering four wheelers, two wheelers and Tractors. We have a dedicated team of qualified Managers/ Engineers in Design, Methods, PPC and Administration. All department are computerised and use high end technolgy for implementation of real industry standard automobile product development.We have latest test equipment to check dimensions, surface finish, hardness and plating thickness and full fledged laboratory with imported equipment to conduct various tests for powder coating including salt spray. Quality and process controls are very closely monitored using latest statistical techniques.At Rajsriya, our approach to quality is in keeping with the worldwide industry standard. Technicians themselves inspect the quality of work. Supervisors educate and instruct technicians to continually improve productivity and quality. The movement of quality indicators is reviewed in weekly meetings by the top management. Rajsriya is based on the concept of making incremental improvements in our products. It incorporates a series of continuous small and simple improvements, which aim at involving employees at all levels. The Suggestion Scheme is based on the same principle. Under this scheme, employees are encouraged to make suggestions for improvement in any area of our operation."
Bonace Engineers,3.9,(204 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Established in 1995, Bonace has built a strong reputation for systematic and hands-on approach to Technical Manpower Consultation. The company's vision is to provide top-class professionals for Industry.The spirit of Bonace has been largely defined and embodied by the dedicated and tireless pursuit of excellence; they possess over 19 years or more of senior management experience. Bonace has not only the skills that clients need but also the ability to understand the bigger picture."
Precision Automa...,3.9,(204 Reviews),Private,"Satara,Maharashtra + 5 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"PARI is amongst the largest global automation companies with over 970+ employees and 8 facilities worldwide. The solid engineering strength enables PARI to be a complete ""Solution Provider""​, from conceptualizing, designing, manufacturing, implementing and supporting advanced factory automation systems. It provides its customers with the solutions they need to enhance productivity and achieve their manufacturing goals.The company began operations in 1990, and has experienced business growth exceeding 50% year on year, though innovative solutions and focus on complete customer satisfaction. PARI has provided over 3000 automated solutions world wide. PARI was founded by technocrats with the knowledge and experience to understand the needs of the manufacturing industry.Striving for excellence in every step of the process from sales to commissioning has allowed PARI to attain success. This excellence can be seen in their products, people and solutions."
Danske IT,3.7,(204 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Danske IT was established in India in 2012 as a fully-owned subsidiary of Danske Bank group – one of the largest Nordic banks with a universal presence. We deliver smart solutions, thereby creating great value for Danske Bank as well as all it's customers. At Danske IT, we also are devoted to helping Danske Bank realise its vision of being the most trusted financial partner. Ambition is something we share; with our customers, our employees and the communities around us. 

Our technologies simplify IT complexity and streamline operations, helping Danske Bank businesses become more agile, efficient and profitable. Working on technology solutions for all areas of the bank including personal, business and institutional customers, we strive to deliver results that make a difference to its end users."
Aparna Enterpris...,4.1,(204 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 19 more",33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Aparna Enterprises Limited (AEL) is a part of the highly successful Aparna Group. Founded in the year 1990, AEL prides in having the largest market share in South India through a range of businesses in building-material products, such as RMC (ready-mix concrete), uPVC Window and Door Systems, uPVC Profiles, Tiles, Sanitary Ware & Kitchens, Aluminium Window & Door Systems and Facades & Exteriors. Associated with several landmark projects for over 3 decades, AEL is globally renowned for setting benchmarks in technology, research, design, and quality.What initially started as a business in ceramic tile distribution, today stands tall as a pioneer in multiple business ventures. Over the past 30 years, AEL has established a reputation as one of India’s most innovative and respected building materials producer.

All thanks to not only the quality of our products, but also because of the commitment of our people to customer service and our willingness to find innovative solutions to challenging problems.

While our approach in this respect hasn’t changed in the last three decades, a few other things have, including the range of building material products we offer today.

Looking back in time, it is amazing how quickly things move on. Whilst nothing can replace our commitment to customer centricity, we have always recognized the value that new technology can bring. That’s probably why we’re still top of our game 30 years later.

Today, AEL is an acknowledged industry leader providing specifiers, contractors, and stakeholders with a range of high-quality products manufactured to the highest standards. AEL can meet any specification criteria while ensuring full compliance with all protocols.

And, as we celebrate our 30th anniversary this year, our hearts are filled with gratitude and the zest to keep innovating, to enable you to build faster, better and smarter"
Akamai Technolog...,4.5,(204 Reviews),Private,"Cambridge,Massachusetts + 2 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Akamai, our mission is to make digital experiences fast, intelligent, and secure. Our intelligent edge platform surrounds everything, from the enterprise to the cloud. It keeps apps and experiences closer to users — and attacks and threats far away. Top brands globally rely on Akamai as their competitive edge. 

We help them win in the market through agile solutions that extend the power of their multi-cloud world. Our portfolio of edge security, web and mobile performance, enterprise access, and video delivery solutions is supported by unmatched customer service, analytics, and 24/7/365 monitoring. 

At Akamai, we see a world of unimagined potential, all enabled through the unique power of the Akamai Edge. It’s this power that creates the agility our customers need to accelerate and secure their multi-cloud world — and own their digital future."
Ascent Business ...,3.7,(204 Reviews),Private,"Roseland,NJ + 9 more",22 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Rising cost of healthcare, increased adoption of technology, prevalence of quality- and performance-based reimbursement models, evolving physician-hospital -patient dynamics are forcing the healthcare industry to recast business and care delivery processes. Ascent’s Healthcare Business Process Outsourcing and Technology solutions help healthcare companies improve their revenue, cash, costs, margins, speed, and customer relationships. Our deep domain expertise, global delivery network and strong focus on operational excellence allow healthcare companies to focus on their core business while Ascent optimally delivers their business processes. As a preferred healthcare BPO provider, Ascent combines industry best practices and innovative tools and methodologies to improve patient satisfaction, reduce operational costs while streamlining processes through continuous improvements and technology optimization."
Walchandnagar In...,3.8,(204 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 10 more",115 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Walchandnagar Industries Limited (WIL) is an ISO 9001: 2015 certified Indian company with a global presence and diversified business portfolio in Projects, Products, and High-tech Manufacturing. Carrying a legacy of more than 100 years of Engineering Excellence, WIL has established its name as one of the best in its operational areas. WIL is known for pioneering achievements in the Indian engineering industry and for its contribution to nation-building activities.  WIL is a listed company on the BSE and NSE stock exchanges in India.

WIL has a strong engineering, project management, and manufacturing infrastructure to undertake projects and supply machinery and equipment, in the fields of Nuclear Power, Aerospace, Missile, Defence, Oil & Gas, Steam generation plants, Independent power projects, Turnkey Cement and Sugar plants. WIL has a large proven reference list of satisfied customers across the world."
Zuari Cement,4.3,(204 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 30 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Zuari Cement is part of the worldwide HeidelbergCement Group, a global construction material major Number 1 in aggregates and number 2 in cement, and number 3 in ready-mixed concrete globally.

Zuari Cement has a total cement manufacturing capacity of 7.1 million tons in India, which includes two manufacturing units at Sitapuram and Yerraguntla, along with two grinding centres at Chennai and Solapur and a cement terminal at Kochi, Kerala. This makes Zuari Cement a formidable brand in the South Indian Cement Market with more than 5% market share. The states of Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Telengana, TamilNadu & Kerala form the core markets for Zuari Cement with a notable footprint in Maharashtra, Orissa & Chattisgarh.

In line with Groups' global focus on quality and environment, Zuari Cement's manufacturing units are ISO 50001:2011, ISO: 9001 and ISO: 14001 Certified. Zuari Cement has in its growth strategy has chalked out ambitious plans for the future.

Adjudged “Power Brand” in 2012 & 2013, in the year 2016, among the accolades Zuari Cement amongst other have won the other accolades, are “India’s Most Trusted Brand 2016” by Consumer Survey Report-MRG, “Best Brands 2016 - Emerging No1 category”, by WCR and “Greenco Gold Certification by Green Company Rating system 2016. In previous years Zuari Cement won “Asia Manufacturing Excellence Award for Safety 2015”, CII “National Award for Excellence in Energy Management” and “Excellence Award” by IES. Our Whole Time Director won the “Udyog Ratan” Award by IES for 2015."
Dishnet Wireless,4.3,(204 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 44 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aircel is one of India’s leading innovative mobile service providers. The company has 3G spectrum in 13 circles and BWA spectrum in 8 circles and is credited with the fastest 3G roll out ever in the Indian telecom space. As a young data led telecom player, Aircel has constantly been at the helm of introducing innovative and value for money products and services for its customers, which are industry firsts, be it the Aircel Pocket Internet, taking the first step in making 3G affordable for the masses, being the first telecom player to introduce Facebook Voice Updates on Aircel, and many more. The Smart Pocket Internet data plans by Aircel truly changed the way mobile internet was perceived and consumed. The company has been the proud recipient of coveted awards such as Asia Responsible Entrepreneurship Awards (AREA) 2012 South Asia by Enterprise Asia, ‘Excellence Award for Security in Telecom 2012’ by Data Security Council of India (DSCI) an institution setup by NASSCOM® and ‘Best in class Learning and Development Awards’ for ‘Innovation in Learning’ and ‘Best Training Venue’ by World HRD Congress 2013. For more information, please log onto our website www.aircel.com."
63 Moons Technol...,4.0,(204 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 10 more",35 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"63 moons technologies limited is a world leader in providing next-generation technology ventures, innovations, platforms, and solutions for creating digital markets and marketplaces that enable price discovery and transaction efficiencies across industry segments. We have always been working towards providing technology solutions, building user-friendly financial platforms, and creating digital marketplaces in India and abroad, thus taking India to the global markets.Through our technological development, we pioneered the ‘Make in India’ mantra in the early 90s, way before it was even conceptualised. We are global leaders in providing solutions to financial exchanges across multiple asset classes and #2 globally by licensing volume. We have the largest financial distribution network in India through our ODIN suite of trading terminals with close to one million licensees across 600 cities, towns and villages."
Amoli Organics,4.0,(204 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 6 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"“Amoli Group’s philosophy is honesty, integrity and transparency in business”
Amoli is the vision and perseverance of its founder, Mr. Umed Doshi a widely respected entrepreneur.

Amoli has a successful track record in the pharmaceutical and allied industry. Making a beginning as a manufacturer of API’s and Intermediates, it made successful forays in the field of ‘Contract Research’ and ‘Custom Synthesis’. Amoli has been working collaboratively with some of the leading global healthcare players."
Nesma & Partners,4.4,(204 Reviews),Private,Jeddah + 15 more,42 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Nesma and Partners Contracting Co. Ltd., an engineering and construction company, is part of the Nesma Group. It has been a contributor to Saudi Arabia’s industrial and infrastructure sectors since 1981 with reliable, multi-dimensional construction services. Currently, Nesma and Partners is a recognized leader in the fields of oil and gas, petrochemicals, and power and water sectors. In addition to its role within a leading company responsible for major construction work in the Kingdom and the wider Gulf region, Nesma and Partners has established itself as the contractor of choice for an array of esteemed clients. With a reputation for efficient, impeccable service, the company continues to expand its construction expertise, incorporating the latest and most advanced industry technologies."
Subway,4.4,(203 Reviews),Private,"Milford,Connecticut + 49 more",58 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Go ahead, make your mark and show off your flavor. Take your chance, be bold, be you. Create things you love, impact your world. Grab life and take a huge bite. Now is your moment. Make it what you want, no holding back."
Polybond India,3.9,(203 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 6 more",45 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Polybond belongs to Pune’s Rathigroup, an industrial house currently in its third generation.The group’s roots trace back to a textile mill which the family started in 1948. Polybond is a producer of high performance rubber parts for automotive and industrial applications. With its strong design and testing capabilities, Polybond has built up a globally respected brand.Based out of Pune in India, Polybond operates out of three plants located across India."
Shriram Chits,3.8,(203 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 72 more",49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Shriram Chits started its operations in the year 1974 with a single branch and has in a short span grown into a trusted household name for making Chits a viable form of saving and borrowing to all sections of the society. Shriram now has a turn over exceeding Rs. 2500 Crs, 465 Branches and 5000 employees."
smartData Enterp...,3.8,(203 Reviews),Private,White Plains + 6 more,24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"smartData is a leader in global software business space when it comes to business consulting and technology integrations making business easier, accessible, secure and meaningful for its target segment of startups to small & medium enterprises. As your technology partner, we provide both domain and technology consulting and our inhouse products and our unique productized service approach helps us to act as business integrators saving substantial time to market for our esteemed customers. With 8000+ projects, vast experience of 20+ years, backed by offices in the US, Australia, and India, providing next door assistance and round-the-clock connectivity, we ensure continual business growth for all our customers. Our business consulting and integrator services via software solutions focus on important industries of healthcare, B2B, B2C, & B2B2C platforms, online delivery services, video platform services, and IT services. Strong expertise in Microsoft, LAMP stack, MEAN/MERN stack with mobility first approach via native (iOS, Android, Tizen) or hybrid (React Native, Flutter, Ionic, Cordova, PhoneGap) mobility stack mixed with AI & ML help us to deliver on the ongoing needs of customers continuously.Our Services"
Country Inns & S...,3.9,(203 Reviews),Private,"Minnetonka,Minnesota + 22 more",38 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Country Inn & Suites By Radisson is a leading upper midscale hotel brand with over 470 hotels in the United States, Canada, India and Latin America. The brand’s Be Our Guest service philosophy encourages employees to serve guests with the same kind and caring spirit given to friends when they are being hosted at home."
All India Instit...,4.3,(203 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 18 more,67 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Creating a country imbued with a scientific culture was Jawaharlal Nehru's dream, and immediately after independence he prepared a grand design to achieve it. Among the temples of modern India which he designed, was a centre of excellence in the medical sciences. Nehru's dream was that such a centre would set the pace for medical education and research in Southeast Asia , and in this he had the wholehearted support of his Health Minister, Rajkumari Amrit Kaur.

The health survey and development committee ,chaired by Sir Joseph Bhore, an Indian Civil Servant ,had in 1946 already recommended the establishment of a national medical centre which would concentrate on meeting the need for highly qualified manpower to look after the nation's expanding health care activities . The dreams of Nehru and Amrit Kaur and the recommendations of the Bhore Committee converged to create a proposal which found favor with the government of New Zealand. A generous grant from New Zealand under the Colombo Plan made it possible to lay the foundation stone of All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in 1952.The AIIMS was finally created in 1956,as an autonomous institution through an Act of Parliament ,to serve as a nucleus for nurturing excellence in all aspect of health care.

All-India Institute of Medical Sciences was established as an institution of national importance by an Act of Parliament with the objects to develop patterns of teaching in Undergraduate and Post-graduate Medical Education in all its branches so as to demonstrate a high standard of Medical Education in India; to bring together in one place educational facilities of the highest order for the training of personnel in all important branches of health activity; and to attain self-sufficiency in Post-graduate Medical Education.

The Institute has comprehensive facilities for teaching, research and patient-care. As provided in the Act, AIIMS conducts teaching programs in medical and para-medical courses both at undergraduate and postgraduate levels and awards its own degrees. Teaching and research are conducted in 42 disciplines. In the field of medical research AIIMS is the lead, having more than 600 research publications by its faculty and researchers in a year. AIIMS also runs a College of Nursing and trains students for B.Sc.(Hons.) Nursing post-certificate) degrees.

Twenty-five clinical departments including four super specialty centers manage practically all types of disease conditions with support from pre- and Para-clinical departments. However, burn cases, dog-bite cases and patients suffering from infectious diseases are not entertained in the AIIMS Hospital. AIIMS also manages a 60-beded hospital in the Comprehensive Rural Health Centre at Ballabgarh in Haryana and provides health cover to about 2.5 lakh population through the Centre for Community Medicine.

Objectives of AIIMS
To develop a pattern of teaching in undergraduate and postgraduate medical education in all its branches so as to demonstrate high standard of medical education to all medical colleges and other allied institutions in India.
To bring together in one place educational facilities of the highest order for the training of the personnel in all important branches of the health activity.
to attain self sufficiency in postgraduate in medical education.
Functions of AIIMS
Undergraduate and postgraduate teaching in medical and related physical biological sciences.
Nursing and dental education
Innovations in education.
Producing medical teachers for the country.
Research in medical and related sciences.
Health care : preventive, promotive and curative; primary, secondary & tertiary.
Community based teaching and research"
Frigorifico Alla...,4.4,(203 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 20 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Frigorifico Allana Private Limited (FAPL) is the FMCG division of Allana Group of companies and is amongst one of the fastest growing food companies in India. At present, FAPL caters to the needs of end consumers and industries through wide array of food categories like Edible oils & fats, Premium Ice-creams, Bakery ingredients & Fats; with more categories expected in days to come. ver since its inception, FAPL has been fuelling market growth in the product categories it has entered into. Propelled by strong consumer insights, world class R&D and motivated team, FAPL endeavors to enable our consumers in leading a life full of tasty & healthier food choices and delight them with our products. FAPL is the owner of world-class brands like London Dairy, International Sunny Fortified Oils, Priya, Radhuni, Lion, Alfa and Pristine, which enthuses the consumers with its impeccable qualities and adds value to their lives."
Eastern Condimen...,4.1,(203 Reviews),Private,"Idukki,Kerala + 39 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1983, today Eastern has the finest grip on the Indian spice market,( a feat achieved with the hard work of Mr. M. E. Meeran). Take a moment and dive into the history of being India’s No.1 Spice Exporter"
Tommy Hilfiger,4.4,(203 Reviews),Private,"Amsterdam,North Holland + 37 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"TOMMY HILFIGER is one of the world’s leading designer lifestyle brands and is internationally recognized for celebrating the essence of classic American cool style, featuring preppy with a twist designs. Founded in 1985, Tommy Hilfiger delivers premium styling, quality and value to consumers worldwide under the TOMMY HILFIGER and TOMMY JEANS brands, with a breadth of collections including HILFIGER COLLECTION, TOMMY HILFIGER TAILORED, TommyXGigi, men’s, women’s and kids’ sportswear, denim, accessories, and footwear. In addition, the brand is licensed for a range of products, including fragrances, eyewear, watches and home furnishings. Founder Tommy Hilfiger remains the company’s Principal Designer and provides leadership and direction for the design process"
Louis Philippe,4.4,(203 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 54 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Louis Philippe is a premium Indian brand of men's apparel. A subsidiary of Madura Fashion & Lifestyle, a division of the Aditya Birla Group, the brand was founded in 1989. Named after Louis Philippe, King of the French from 1830 to 1848, the brand is one of the largest apparel brands in India, as of 2018."
Titan Engineerin...,4.2,(203 Reviews),Private,Hosur + 4 more,29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Titan Engineering & Automation Limited (TEAL), formerly known as the TITAN-Precision Engineering division (PED) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Titan Company Limited. The team now boasts of a full-fledged machine building and automation and component manufacturing businesses catering to the global markets.

Titan Engineering & Automation Limited Specializes in Manufacturing Aerospace Components and Providing Assembly & Testing Automation Solutions"
Army Medical Cor...,4.6,(203 Reviews),Govt Organisation,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 33 more",259 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"The Indian Army Medical Corps is a specialist corps in the Indian Army which primarily provides medical services to all Army personnel, serving and veterans, along with their families."
CK Birla Group,4.0,(4.5k Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 38 more",161 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The CK Birla Group is a growing US$2 billion conglomerate that has a history of enduring relationships with renowned global companies. With over 25,000 employees, 41 manufacturing facilities, 21 service delivery locations and numerous patents and awards, the Group's businesses are present across five continents. We operate across six industries: Automotive, Technology, Home and Building, Infrastructure, Healthcare and Education. Our customer base includes some of the world's best-known companies and we also enjoy partnerships with several global leaders. 

Our vision is to create value in tune with the rapidly changing needs of customers, partners and communities in the twenty-first century. Our companies are strengthened by shared guiding principles that include a focus on long-term value, trust-based relationships and philanthropy. Today, each of our entities is transforming to significantly increase the collective strength and synergies of the Group’s size and span, with technology and talent driving the expansion."
ICRA,3.8,(322 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 12 more",32 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"ICRA Limited was set up in 1991 as a full-service Credit Rating Agency by leading Indian financial/investment institutions, commercial banks and financial services companies as an independent and professional investment information and credit rating agency."
Silver Touch Tec...,3.8,(202 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 20 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IT company active in Software Outsourcing, IT Consulting, System Integration. Having global presence for service delivery in USA, UK and France.Work with global brand leaders like SAP, Oracle, Microsoft, IBM to provide IT solution and integration services.Unique Software outsourcing model called - Global Application Delivery Model (GADM) to serve client across the world."
Rail Vikas Nigam,3.9,(202 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 53 more",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Rail Vikas Nigam Limited (RVNL), a CPSE under Ministry of Railways, was created with the twin objectives of raising extra-budgetary resources and implementation of projects relating to creation & augmentation of capacity of rail infrastructure on fast track basis. The Company, incorporated on 24.01.2003, became fully functional with the appointment of all Directors of Board by March 2005. The Company has been granted Mini-Ratna status on 19.09.2013. RVNL is implementing projects by awarding composite contracts on turnkey basis as per the international practices and standards. As on 31.03.2017, RVNL has completed 213.82 km of New Lines, 1590 km of Gauge Conversion, 2353.32 km of Doubling and 2837.07 km of Railway Electrification i.e. 6994.21 km of project length. In addition, five Workshop Projects and one cable stayed bridge have also been completed. These projects are being executed through 36 PIUs spread across the country. Besides Doubling and Gauge Conversion, RVNL has also diversified to:  Railway Electrification  Railway Workshops  Metro Railways  Technically challenging new Hill Railway lines, etc. RVNL, through PPP route, has established 6 Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs). RVNL is also Equity Partner in an SPV with 12 Major Ports under Ministry of Shipping. RVNL has succeeded in attracting investment of Rs 6,139 crores. Out of the above, projects of Kutch Railway and Bharuch-Dahej Railway Companies are fully commissioned and 20 km of 113 km of Krishnapatnam Railway Company is commissioned (Venkatachalam-Krishnapatnam section). High Speed Rail Corporation of India Limited (HSRC), a fully owned subsidiary of RVNL, was incorporated in July 2012. RVNL/HSRC has been entrusted with conducting the feasibility studies for HSR corridors between Delhi-Amritsar, Delhi-Kolkata, Mumbai-Chennai, Delhi-Mumbai etc."
Gyproc,4.1,(202 Reviews),Mumbai + 24 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
ReGen Powertech,3.9,(202 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 17 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ReGen Powertech is committed to providing an alternate source of energy that is clean, green and sustainable. ReGen is the fastest growing Wind Energy Company in India in just 7 years of commissioning its state of the art manufacturing facility at Tada, Andhra Pradesh.ReGen is making a huge contribution to meet India’s electricity demand with largest market share in the Independent Power Producers sector and it is uniquely positioned to capitalize on the growing demand for wind power energy in India and other geographies.ReGen Powertech (ReGen) is one among the largest manufacturer of multi megawatt direct drive (gearless) WECs with permanent magnet technology in Indian market and provides full turnkey installations for wind power projects. ReGen has a technology licence agreement with Vensys of Germany for 1.5 MW / 2.5 MW and 3 MW synchronous permanent magnet gearless turbines. The permanent magnet generators are manufactured at the state of the art facility at Tada, Andhra Pradesh with a capacity to manufacture 500 WECs per annum. ReGen’s in house production comprise of Permanent Magnet Generator, Hub assembly, Nacelle assembly and Frequency Converters. The towers and rotor blades are outsourced from reputed vendors. The second manufacturing facility at Udaipur commenced operation in 2012 with an initial production capacity of 300 WECs per annum"
Bird Worldwide F...,3.6,(202 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 7 more,24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aviation Services & Ground HandlingFrom Ground handling to flying our own planes, Bird Group looks at investing to ensure the best in Indian aviation, on ground and in air.

Bird Air Services offers several models of general aviation aircraft and helicopter options to potential clients. Offering “On-demand”, a model that allows the customer to pay only for projected aircraft utilization and use the rest of aircraft time for revenue- earning charters. With a strategic partnership with Global Business Partners, Bird Air Services helps in sourcing the right aircraft type across a wide range of aircraft manufactures. Also through its network of companies, it can project client travel needs and chart out an optimal solution of ownership."
Delhi Metro Rail...,4.3,(202 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 15 more",28 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"The Delhi Metro has been instrumental in ushering in a new era in the sphere of mass urban transportation in India. The swanky and modern Metro system introduced comfortable, air conditioned and eco-friendly services for the first time in India and completely revolutionized the mass transportation scenario not only in the National Capital Region but the entire country. Having constructed a massive network of about 389 Km with 285 stations (including NOIDA-Greater NOIDA Corridor and Rapid Metro, Gurugram) in record time in Delhi, NCR, the DMRC today stands out as a shining example of how a mammoth technically complex infrastructure project can be completed before time and within budgeted cost by a Government agency. The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Limited (DMRC) was registered on 3rdMay 1995 under the Companies Act, 1956 with equal equity participation of the Government of the National Capital Territory of Delhi (GNCTD) and the Central Government to implement the dream of construction and operation of a world- class Mass Rapid Transport System (MRTS). The DMRC opened its first corridor between Shahdara and Tis Hazari on 25thDecember, 2002. Subsequently, the first phase of construction worth 65 kilometres of Metro lines was finished two years and nine months ahead of schedule in 2005. Since then the DMRC has also completed the construction of another 125 kilometres of Metro corridors under the second phase in only four and a half years. Presently, the Delhi Metro network consists of about 389 Km with 285 stations. The network has now crossed the boundaries of Delhi to reach NOIDA and Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh, Gurgaon, Faridabad, Bahadurgarh and Ballabhgarh in Haryana. With the opening of the Majlis Park to Shiv Vihar and Janakpuri West - Botanical Garden Sections, new age trains equipped with the Unattended Train Operation (UTO) technology have been introduced. These trains operate with the Communication Based Train Control(CBTC) signaling technology which facilitate movement of trains in very short frequencies. This network also includes the NOIDA - Greater NOIDA Aqua Line. The Aqua Line has been constructed by DMRC on behalf of the NOIDA Metro Rail Corporation and is also being operated by DMRC currently. In addition, the 11.6 kilometre long Rapid Metro also connects with the Delhi Metro network at Sikanderpur station of Yellow Line. The Rapid Metro provides connectivity within the satellite city of Gurugram. The Airport Express link between the Indira Gandhi International Airport and New Delhi has now propelled Delhi to the league of global cities which have high speed rail connectivity between the city and the airport. The DMRC today has over 300 train sets of four, six and eight coaches. The Delhi Metro has also contributed tremendously on the environment front by becoming the first ever railway project in the world to claim carbon credits for regenerative braking. DMRC has also been certified by the United Nations (UN) as the first Metro Rail and Rail based system in the world to get carbon Credits for reducing Green House gas emissions as it has helped to reduce pollution levels in the city by 6.3 lakh tons every year thus helping in reducing global warming."
Rama Medical Col...,3.8,(202 Reviews),Hapur + 12 more,12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"The College and Hospital is spread over a collective area of 5,50,000 Sq. ft. Established in the year 2011 , Rama Medical College has been producing qualified and expert medical professionals who are not only good at their profession, but also carry deep values that make them inclined towards serving the community. The college offers a great learning platform to the students and enables them to learn, observe, practice and master the skills required. The courses offered are designed with a fine blend of theoretical and practical learning and give the students a deep insight into their chosen subjects. The teaching faculty comprises highly qualified medical experts who guide the students with a compassionate and progressive approach."
Eastman Chemical...,4.5,(202 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 2 more",73 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Apart from commercial operations in India, Hyderabad operations center focuses on IT and ITES services serving global customers."
RDC Concrete (In...,4.1,(202 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 31 more",30 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"RDC Concrete (India) Pvt Ltd manufactures and supplies ready mixed concrete, which are designed in its well-equipped laboratories as per established procedures to comply with various provisions of Indian Standards. RDC Concrete's experienced logistics team works closely with its customers to ensure that the concrete of requisite quality is delivered on time and in the appropriate quantities. RDC Concrete has established a reputation for being able to deliver cost-effective and innovative building solutions to meet a variety of requirements. Among the first to recognize the constantly evolving nature of the industry, RDC Concrete has consistently invested in building and maintaining state-of-the-art R&D, manufacturing and quality control infrastructure. It is this focus on quality and innovation that has enabled RDC Concrete to build a client base that includes some of the most respected names from the Indian building and construction sector. Having captured a significant share of the market in many parts of India, RDC Concrete is now spreading its network to other locations in India to serve the requirements of the rapidly growing Indian construction industry. Apart from concrete mixes of various grades, RDC Concrete also produces special concretes such as: 1. FiberCrete (Fibre Reinforced Concrete) 2. ImpriCrete (Decorative Concrete) 3. LightCrete (Light Weight Concrete) 4. NatureCrete (Pervious Concrete) 5. ProCrete (Workablity Retaining Concrete) 6. SelfCrete (Cohesive Flowable Concrete) 7. SelfCrete+ (Self Compacting Concrete) 8. TempCrete (Temperature Controlled Concrete)"
Carrier Midea,3.8,(202 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 37 more",11 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Carrier Midea India Private Limited is a joint venture between UTC Climate Control & Security (UTC CC&S) and Midea Group Co. Ltd. Carrier, a leading brand of UTC CC&S, is the world leader in high technology heating, air conditioning and refrigeration (HVACR) solutions with operations in more than 170 countries.Midea, a Fortune 500 company, is a $35 billion home appliance and air conditioning conglomerate with presence in more than 190 countries. Carrier Midea India has a manufacturing facility in Bawal, Haryana, and has exclusive rights to manufacture and sell Carrier and Midea brand air conditioners, Midea brand home appliances and Midea brand Commercial Air Conditioners in India.

Our EmployeesCarrier Midea India Private Limited is a joint venture between UTC Climate Control & Security (UTC CC&S) and Midea Group Co. Ltd. Carrier, a leading brand of UTC CC&S, is the world leader in high technology heating, air conditioning and refrigeration (HVACR) solutions with operations in more than 170 countries.Midea, a Fortune 500 company, is a $35 billion home appliance and air conditioning conglomerate with presence in more than 190 countries. Carrier Midea India has a manufacturing facility in Bawal, Haryana, and has exclusive rights to manufacture and sell Carrier and Midea brand air conditioners, Midea brand home appliances and Midea brand Commercial Air Conditioners in India."
AVAYA,4.2,(202 Reviews),Private,"Durham,North Carolina + 7 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Businesses are built on the experiences they provide, and every day millions of those experiences are built by Avaya. For over one hundred years, we’ve enabled organizations around the globe to win – by creating intelligent communications experiences for customers and employees. Avaya builds open, converged and innovative solutions to enhance and simplify communications and collaboration – in the cloud, on premises or a hybrid of both. To grow your business, we’re committed to innovation, partnership, and a relentless focus on what’s next. We’re the technology company you trust to help you deliver Experiences that Matter."
Bank of Maharash...,3.6,(202 Reviews),Private,Pune + 48 more,88 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Maharashtra has a long history of commercial activity since ages because of its strategic location in Indian sub continent and its large natural resources.
Maharashtra has been a progressive region and the Banking activity was also started in this region quite early. Historically speaking, the Bank of Bombay established in 1840 was the first Commercial Bank in Maharashtra. However, the first commercial bank set up in Maharashtra outside Mumbai was The Poona Bank established in 1889 at Pune followed by The Deccan Bank in 1890 and the Bombay Banking Company in 1898.

Outbreak of the First World War leading to great depression took a heavy toll on banks in India. Between 1914 and 1935 as many as 380 banks failed in the country out of which 54 were based in Bombay province. The impact of these failures was felt more in Maharashtra region because certain banks known for a long time were also closed down.

The effects of great depression started fading and new enterprises began emerging with new hopes in all spheres of economy, including banking."
M*Modal,3.3,(202 Reviews),Private,"Franklin,Tennesse + 9 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"M*Modal offers a new breed of speech understanding applications. Our hosted conversational documentation services help healthcare providers capture clinical information from dictation and transform it directly into accessible, retrievable, and shareable electronic files. M*Modal serves hospitals, medical clinics, and medical transcription companies representing a transaction volume of more than 400 million dictation minutes a year."
CommScope,3.9,(202 Reviews),Private,North Carolina + 12 more,47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CommScope is at the forefront of shaping infrastructure, products and solutions that enhance people’s lives. We make communication faster, easier and more efficient for today’s always-on world. We exist to enable and improve the way we learn, work and live, constantly challenging what’s available now and thinking beyond to meet the needs of what’s next."
L&T–MHI Power Bo...,4.1,(202 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 15 more",17 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"L&T-MHPS Boilers Private Limited (formerly known as L&T-MHI Boilers Private Limited) is a 51:49 Joint Venture Company formed on 16th April, 2007 in India between Larsen & Toubro Limited (L&T), India and Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems(MHPS), Japan for engaging in the business of design, engineering, manufacturing, selling, maintenance and servicing of Supercritical Boilers and Pulverisers in India.The Company has established manufacturing facility that can manufacture pressure parts and pulverisers at Hazira, near Surat in the state of Gujarat with the technological support from Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems."
Citylife Retail,3.8,(202 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 46 more",17 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Citylife - one of the largest family stores chain in North and East India. In the rapidly evolving retail scenario, Citylife has successfully carved a niche for its brand of merchandise, which today has a loyal followings. Currently, the group operates 121 retail outlets across 100+ cities with a retail area of more than 10lacs+ sq.ft. We are currently present at states like Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal, Odisha, Bihar, Assam ,Tripura, Haryana and Jharkhand.

We are amongst the pioneers in setting up modern ambience stores or large retail malls across various small towns and cities like including, Saidpur, Gonda, Lakhimpur Khiri, (UP), Bettiah (Bihar) and more.

""Badle Jeene ka Style"" is the main motto through which we believe that fashion is all about change, and change is what we embrace. We offer wide range of fashion garments to the modern youth Indians at the best possible price.

Representative of the fashionable modern youth, fresh trend, and the rapidly changing times, Citylife prides itself in being a fashion store for the entire family. Everything at Citylife is exclusively merchandised and the products range of high fashioned clothes, accessories, footwear, toys, and luggage, household and home furnishing needs for men, women and children. People make trends. Trends make fashion. Taste changes both."
Aster Dm Healthc...,3.9,(202 Reviews),Public,Dubai + 20 more,36 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"From a single clinic to a performance-driven healthcare enterprise spread across 308 establishments in 9 countries and growing, Aster DM Healthcare has transitioned into being a growing network across the Middle East, India and Far East. 

Currently one of the largest and fastest growing conglomerates in the MENA region, Aster DM Healthcare covers the full spectrum of healthcare services. An expansive portfolio includes hospitals, clinic, Diagnostic centre and retail pharmacies.

Headquartered in Dubai, the Aster DM network now encompasses 17,594 employees, 2860  doctors with several JCI accredited Hospitals, clinics and Diagnostic Centres."
Prime Focus,3.7,(496 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 11 more,26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Prime Focus Limited (PFL), the world’s largest independent integrated media services powerhouse, employs over 9,098 professionals in 17 cities across 4 continents and 7 Time zones. We provide end-to-end creative services (stereo 3D conversion and animation), technology products & services (Media ERP Suite and Cloud-enabled media services), production services (equipment rental) and post-production services (Digital Intermediate and picture post) to the Media and Entertainment industry.

Prime Focus is behind groundbreaking technologies such as View-DTM (stereoscopic 2D to 3D conversion), CLEAR™ (Hybrid Cloud technology enabled Media ERP Suite) and Primetime Emmy® award-winning DAX Digital Dailies®. Leveraging our Global Digital Pipeline and pioneering WorldSourcing delivery model, we partner with content creators at every stage of the process, ensuring creative enablement, workflow efficiencies and cost optimization.

Listed on the BSE and NSE of India and recognized on the ‘Fortune India 500’ list, Prime Focus has operations in Abu Dhabi, Bangalore, Cape Town, Chandigarh, Delhi, Goa, Hyderabad, Johannesburg, Kolkata, London, Los Angeles, Mumbai, Chennai, Montreal, New York, Toronto and Vancouver."
Madura Micro Fin...,4.0,(201 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 64 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Madura Micro Finance is an NBFC-MFI dedicated to bringing financial products to the underserved rural population. Working in association with large commercial banks, MMFL brings credit facilities to the rural poor through a wide network of branch offices in Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Kerala, Odisha, and Bihar. Today Madura's primary product is a group loan (microcredit) to women self-help groups (SHGs) for the purpose of small business support."
Corona Remedies,4.0,(201 Reviews),Private,Ahmedabad + 36 more,19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Corona Remedies Private Limited is a Private incorporated on 27 August 2004. It is classified as Non-govt company and is registered at Registrar of Companies, Ahmedabad. Its authorized share capital is Rs. 60,100,000 and its paid up capital is Rs. 55,600,080. It is inolved in Manufacture of other chemical products

Corona Remedies Private Limited's Annual General Meeting (AGM) was last held on 26 July 2019 and as per records from Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), its balance sheet was last filed on 31 March 2019.

Directors of Corona Remedies Private Limited are Kirtikumar Laxmidas Mehta, Ankur Kirtikumar Mehta, Nirav Kirtikumar Mehta, Viral Bhupendrabhai Sitwala and ."
Telecom Network ...,4.1,(201 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 29 more",22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Telecom Network Solutions is providing services in Project Management & Planning, RF & MW surveys, Network implementation and Telecom Training. Our core strength is people, who have setup various government owned and private telecom networks in India. To get high end support and expertise TNS has signed teaming agreement with Flextronics, Singapore and Avion Systems, USA"
Ruby Hall Clinic,3.9,(201 Reviews),NGO/NPO,Pune + 5 more,64 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Started in 1959, Ruby Hall Clinic has become a hallmark of quality care services in Pune, Maharashtra. Our 750 bedded hospital boasts of a robust infrastructure that houses multiple departments, and the latest technologies used in healthcare delivery and medical procedures. All of these are manned by a team of 300 consultants, 650-panel doctors, 1500 paramedical staff – committed to your care and wellbeing.

Ruby Hall Clinic is Pune’s first nationally accredited multi-speciality hospital with an international repute among patients with its empathetic and effective medical care services. It started as a nursing home with just two beds in 1959, under the steward leadership of Dr. K.B. Grant, and is now counted amongst one of the premier hospitals in India.

Our state-of-the-art equipment and modern facilities make us unique among equals. The hospital provides a wide range of medical facilities that include Cardiology, Cardiac Surgery, Neurology, Nuclear Science Center, Diagnostic Center, Intensive Care Units, a Blood Bank, Cancer Unit among many others.

Delivery of patient-centric services with precision and dedication has helped Ruby Hall Clinic to win many laurels in the industry. Recently, it has been recognised as ‘The Best Indian Hospital for Medical Tourism’ by the Ministry of Tourism.

With the mission to assist as many patients as possible, it has now expanded its operations by starting many other hospitals in the territory of Pune. It is accredited with the National Accreditation Board for Hospitals & Healthcare Providers (NABH)."
Jsw Energy,4.2,(201 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 24 more,29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"As one of India’s leading power companies, we’re a mix of the best practices, be it structured planning, cutting-edge operations or social, economic and environmental benefits.

We currently generate 4,559 MW, out of which 3158 MW is thermal power,1391 MW is hydropower and 10 MW solar power. We’re present across several Indian states and have stakes in natural resource companies in South Africa. This diversity in geographic locations, fuel sources and power off-take arrangements, helps us de-risk our business.

As part of its vision to become a full-spectrum power company, JSW Energy launched JSW Power Trading Company Limited (JSWPTC) in 2006.

JSWPTC has obtained a category """"IV"""" license issued by Central Electricity Regulatory Commission to trade in power across India. Today, it is one of the leading power trading companies in India."
Bses Yamuna Powe...,3.7,(201 Reviews),New Delhi,21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"BSES Yamuna Power Limited has been the frontrunner in implementing power distribution reforms in the capital city of Delhi and is acknowledged for its quality, reliable power supply and customer friendly practices.

BYPL is a joint venture between Reliance Infrastructure Limited and Govt of NCT of Delhi with a 51%: 49% share holding. The company started operations on July 1, 2002 post the unbundling of the erstwhile Delhi Vidyut Board (DVB). The company's operations span across its license area of 200 sq km in the Eastern and Central parts of the National Capital.

For a greater reach and easy serviceability, the company serves its customer base through its THREE CIRCLES (South-East, North-East & Central) & FOURTEEN DIVISIONS (Chandni Chowk, Darya Ganj, Dilshad Garden, Jhilmil, Karawal Nagar, Krishna Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, Mayur Vihar, Vasundhara Enclave, Nandnagri, Pahar Ganj, Patel Nagar, Shankar Road and Yamuna Vihar).

Since privatization, the Aggregate Technical & Commercial (AT&C) losses in its areas have shown a record decline. From a high of 63.1% in 2002, the AT&C losses have come down to single digit levels i.e. 8.98% levels, a reduction of over 54%."
Prem Henna,3.7,(201 Reviews),Private,Indore + 50 more,93 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Prem Henna, as the name suggest The Love For Henna started in 1930 with the agriculture of Henna at Sojat District of Rajasthan. Taking this love forward the company commercially established itself in 1988 with a vision to streamline the orthodox Mehand i business & manufacture superior quality natural herbal henna based products. Keeping the vision in mind it pioneered the Mehandi Cone concept, simplifying it’s application & trade.
In 2004 the Company started it’s pan India operations with a range of pure henna powder, Mehandi cone & Henna powder based hair color under the brand name, Nisha, Prem Dhulan & Kaveri.
Taking it’s stride forward in the Hair color industry, the company has launched it’s new hair color products in 2013-14– Nisha Color Perfect, Nisha Color Sure & Nisha Quick Color.
With the range of products under it’s wing & a sound infrastructure of four well equipped contemporary manufacturing units. and a highly motivated management & dedicated team the company has become one of the leading manufacturer of hair care products."
Vayam Info Solut...,4.0,(201 Reviews),Noida + 32 more,13 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Vayam Info Solutions is a complete Service Organization with specific objective to function and contribute within the Outsourcing Industry in the area of:
-HR – Outsourcing
-Vendor Management
-Human Resource & Training
-FHR Solutions for IT / KPO / BPO / Customer Care
-Built up Redundancy across with Spares Availability."
National Payment...,3.4,(201 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 8 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI), an umbrella organization for operating retail payments and settlement systems in India, is an initiative of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the Indian Banks’ Association (IBA) under the provisions of the Payment and Settlement Systems Act, 2007, for creating a robust Payment & Settlement Infrastructure in India.

Considering the utility nature of the objects of NPCI, it has been incorporated as a “Not for Profit” Company under the provisions of Section 25 of Companies Act 1956 (now Section 8 of Companies Act 2013), with an intention to provide infrastructure to the entire Banking system in India for physical as well as electronic payment and settlement systems. The Company is focused on bringing innovations in the retail payment systems through the use of technology for achieving greater efficiency in operations and widening the reach of payment systems.

The ten core promoter banks are State Bank of India, Punjab National Bank, Canara Bank, Bank of Baroda, Union Bank of India, Bank of India, ICICI Bank Limited, HDFC Bank Limited, Citibank N. A., and HSBC. In 2016 the shareholding was broad-based to 56 member banks to include more banks representing all sectors. In 2020, new entities regulated by RBI were inducted, consisting of Payment Service Operators, payment banks, Small Finance Banks, etc. The shares were allotted pursuant to the issuance of equity shares on a private placement basis in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013."
Classcanyon,4.6,(201 Reviews),Private,"Greater Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 3 more",2 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Classcanyon program is shaping and advancing the students and working professionals, by aiding support to their personal and professional carrier. Founded in the year 2021, we are a Noida-based company, which was started with a vision to empower and promote education in an affordable and accessible way, regardless of your time, location, and job.

The program is focused on nurturing, upskilling, and building the network of learners all over the world by equipping them with tools connected to the modern business world. Our educators are active industry experts providing unparalleled information and deep industry insights. Our cutting-edge structure is rich with comprehensive topics for MBA plus it can be accessed at your convenience.

Recognized as one of the top online education platforms, Classcanyon stands tall on the pillars of honesty, trustworthiness, professionalism, and the values that we incorporate within us and carry forward as an organization."
Health Total,3.6,(200 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 11 more",26 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"As India’s leading lifestyle modification company, Health Total has pioneered a first-of-its-kind ‘Integrated Approach’ to healthy living that uses ‘food as medicine’ and combines the benefits of Ayurveda, homeopathy, nutritional therapy, low GI functional foods, therapeutic lifestyle management and mild exercise to bring about weight loss and improve the health of the common man."
B2x Service Solu...,3.6,(200 Reviews),Private,"Munich,Bavaria + 31 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"As the premier after-sales service provider for smartphones and consumer electronics, B2X is at the forefront of customer care. B2X helps to streamline after-sales operations for manufacturers providing full visibility and control over the customer care experience.

Our SMART SERVICE Platform connects over 500 authorized service partners and more than 1,500 industry experts in 140 countries – empowering you to deliver consistent service excellence to build long-term customer relationships."
Yalamanchili Sof...,3.3,(200 Reviews),Public,Chennai + 11 more,22 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"YALAMANCHILI provides application software products specializing in IT solutions in the area of middleware technologies, transaction processing, card payments, banking solutions, and customer delivery channels; e.g., ATM, KIOSK, point-of-sale terminals, internet, and mobile banking. Conceptualization, design, development, and implementation of the NARADA® Solutions across international borders gives YALAMANCHILI the experience to create end-to-end scalable solutions enhanced by innovation and expertise, offering large and small clients a one-stop partner for their IT solutions and needs."
Gyan Dairy,4.0,(200 Reviews),Private,"Lucknow,Uttar Pradesh + 15 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We commenced our journey in 2007, Starting out as a small dairy outfit in India’s ‘City of Tehzeeb’, Lucknow. In the years following our inception, we scaled up at a swift pace under the inspiring leadership of our founder, Mr C.P. Agarwal and his visionary successors, Mr Jai Agarwal and Mr Anuj Agarwal. Today, we offer a diverse portfolio of 17 delightfully fresh, pure and delicious dairy products, prepared using the milk supplied directly to us by 100,000+ dairy farmers. With their exceptional support and that of our 600+ strong team, we seek to gain the trust of countless Indian families and realise our vision to be the most loved dairy brand in India.."
Mann And Hummel ...,3.9,(200 Reviews),Private,"Schwieberdinger,Ludwigsburg + 7 more",81 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"MANN+HUMMEL is the global market leader in the area of filtration. Our formula for success: we combine the knowledge and experience of our employees with reliable technology and have been able to convince our customers with excellent products and services for many years.
We wish to maintain our position as global market leader in the future. We are a part of society and prepared to take on responsibility. Therefore our team is involved in areas which are important for us and is constantly looking for solutions and products which can improve our environment and daily life. We convince with our expertise and experience and trust the people we work with. That makes us a reliable partner for numerous customers and clients. We provide our customers with the expected security and the assurance that our products meet their requirements. We achieve this with our quality and technology – which has been the case in Germany and international markets for many decades. Read more about our history, our mission and our organization."
Sharda Universit...,3.8,(200 Reviews),Private,Greater Noida + 8 more,14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sharda University is a leading Educational institution based out of Greater Noida, Delhi NCR. A venture of the renowned Sharda Group of Institutions (SGI), The University has established itself as a high quality education provider with prime focus on holistic learning and imbibing competitive abilities in students.

The University is approved by UGC and prides itself in being the only multi-discipline campus in the NCR, spread over 63 acres and equipped with world class facilities.

Sharda University promises to become one of the India's leading universities with an acknowledged reputation for excellence in research and teaching. With its outstanding faculty, world class teaching standards, and innovative academic programmes, Sharda intends to set a new benchmark in the Indian education system."
Shriram Finance,3.8,(200 Reviews),Mumbai + 80 more,44 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"Shri ram finance corporation private limited is one of Central India's fastest growing NBFCs. Founded by Shri Ganesh Bhattar and leading by Shri Gaurav Bhattar. SRFC was incorporated in April 2004 and was involved in Two wheeler finance.

Since then, it has been a story of rapidly growth with many milestones crossed. Today it has more than 105 Branches, 70 Collections points across 4 states -Chhattisgarh, Madhya pradesh, Odisha, Jharkhand and 68 districts with assets under management (AUM) of Rs. 444 Cr. The focus of the company is majorly on the rural and semi-urban areas, reaching across remote locations who are unable to reach the banks, by providing them financial support.

The company's trading services are designed to fascinate and to improve the quality of life by providing finance solutions which are beneficial for the people living in rural areas. In the past years we have added MSME business loan, Four wheeler finance-re finance , Micro finance , Insurance in our product chain along with major Two wheeler finance. Soon we enter into Gold loan Maharashtra our new business state."
Mahagun India,2.9,(200 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 4 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Mahagun Group is a conglomerate of Companies operating in residential and commercial Real Estate and hospitality sectors. The group is synonymous with development of icons in its current area of operations in Ghaziabad and Noida regions of NCR and has already delivered approx. 15.76 million sq ft covering the development of approx. 11,500 residential units, besides hotels and commercial spaces. The development of approx. 11.57million sq ft covering about 7,500 units is currently in progress. The group has recognized turnover of about Rs. 9,000 million during the year 17-18, whereas the turnover of Rs. 17,000 million approx. is expected from the current projects in future years."
Council of Scien...,4.4,(200 Reviews),New Delhi + 35 more,81 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"The Council of Scientific & Industrial Research (CSIR), known for its cutting edge R&D knowledgebase in diverse S&T areas, is a contemporary R&D organization. Having a pan-India presence, CSIR has a dynamic network of 38 national laboratories, 39 outreach centres, 3 Innovation Complexes and 5 units. CSIR’s R&D expertise and experience is embodied in about 4600 active scientists supported by about 8000 scientific and technical personnel.

CSIR covers a wide spectrum of science and technology – from radio and space physics, oceanography, geophysics, chemicals, drugs, genomics, biotechnology and nanotechnology to mining, aeronautics, instrumentation, environmental engineering and information technology. It provides significant technological intervention in many areas with regard to societal efforts which include environment, health, drinking water, food, housing, energy, farm and non-farm sectors. Further, CSIR’s role in S&T human resource development is noteworthy.

Pioneer of India’s intellectual property movement, CSIR today is strengthening its patent portfolio to carve out global niches for the country in select technology domains. CSIR is granted 90% of US patents granted to any Indian publicly funded R&D organization. On an average CSIR file about 200 Indian patents and 250 foreign patents per year. About 13.86% of CSIR patents are licensed - a number which is above the global average. Amongst its peers in publicly funded research organizations in the world, CSIR is a leader in terms of filing and securing patents worldwide."
IVTL Infoview Te...,3.5,(200 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 2 more",23 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Infoview is a Global IT Services organization with proven expertise in Application Maintenance Outsourcing, Infrastructure Management Services, Enterprise Applications, Product Life Cycle Management and Custom Software Development. Established in 2000 in Chennai (India), for over a decade, it provided consulting, development and maintenance of Enterprise Applications for major Japanese customers. We have worked with some of the most demanding customers by establishing rigorous Quality Management practices, Collaborative Project Management and Communication methodologies. Honed with its rich experience of working across culture and language barriers, Infoview is currently committed to offer its services to customers across the globe."
5paisa Capital,3.9,(200 Reviews),Public,"Thane,Maharashtra + 6 more",8 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"At 5paisa we know the value of money and we know that investment must guarantee safety as well as returns. We are backed by one of India's leading financial services companies - IIFL. Our experience has now turned into expertise and we ensure that whatever we do, our customers are our priority. That being said, we understand our customer's needs and provide next-generation technology with effective solutions for a hassle-free investment experience at a negligible cost. We are the best discount broker in the business, and we work around the clock to make sure we are facilitating the best for our customers."
TravelTriangle,4.0,(200 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 4 more",13 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Founded in 2011, TravelTriangle is India’s leading online holiday marketplace bringing both the travelers, and trusted & expert travel agents on a common platform. With the recent Series C funding of $12 Million from Nandan Nilekani and Sanjeev Aggarwal backed Fundamentum in early 2018, it is on its way of encompassing all the components of holiday eco-system through its highly innovative and technology-focused product. Besides, having already raised close to a cumulative funding of $20 Million from SAIF Partners, Bessemer Venture Partners and RB Investments put together, the company has already achieved operating profitability, and on track to become EBITDA profitable by next year."
ScoreMe Solution...,4.7,(200 Reviews),Gurgaon/Gurugram + 1 more,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Ichhapurti.com,2.3,(200 Reviews),Gurgaon/Gurugram + 25 more,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Hyundai Glovis,4.1,(199 Reviews),Public,"Gangnam-gu,Seoul + 9 more",22 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Hyundai Glovis Co., Ltd. is a logistics company headquartered in Seoul, South Korea and part of the Hyundai Kia Automotive Group. Its predecessor company, Hankook Logitech Co. Ltd was formed in February 2001"
Mfar Constructio...,4.0,(199 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 9 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"MFAR Constructions Pvt. Ltd. has imprinted its own identity in the real estate development sector over the last two decades. MFAR, which is an ISO 9001-2015, ISO 14001-2015 and ISO 45001:2018 Certified Company, is a brainchild of the business tycoon and an honoured technocrat, Dr. P. Mohamed Ali. MFAR has expanded its operations across India as a noticeable and reliable construction company, with its Corporate Office at Bangalore and a Zonal Office at Mangalore. Regional Offices have also been set up in Kolkata and Delhi to support the operations in the East and NCR"
Kiswok Industrie...,3.2,(199 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 2 more",66 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Established as Kejriwal Iron & Steel Works in the year 1957, KISWOK has in the last 50 years established itself as one of the leading manufacturers of Ductile and Cast Iron products in India. KISWOK has honed and perfected its processes and tirelessly worked on quality aspects to become a formidable force in the industry and a global supplier of top quality products. The versatility and depth of product knowledge, coupled with innovation in design inspired by product application, has been the driving force behind the stupendous success the company enjoys.Our engineering achievements, have allowed the creation of the KISWOK Range which covers diverse sectors like Automobiles, Agricultural, Utilities, Engineered Castings and other industries. KISWOK’s stakeholder-and-supplier relationships have never been stronger, or more recognised and openly welcomed on a trans global scale. Only foundry to receive National Trophy Awards for “Export Excellence” twice from the President of India.Largest Automotive Castings Manufacturers in Eastern India.Production Capacity of 1, 20,000 MT per annum.More than 60 years of experience in casting industry.Outstanding quality of products with conformity certificates from BritishStandard Institute, UK and DET NORSKE VERITAS.Advanced Machineries with Skilled Manpower.Completely self-financed and Zero-debt organisation.R&D section is engaged in developing best quality castings.A customized ERP system that manages all information."
DataMetica,4.1,(199 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 1 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"As a global leader in Data Warehouse Migration, Data Modernization, and Data Analytics, we empower businesses through automation and help you attain excellence. Our Belief is to Empowering companies to master their businesses and helping them achieve their full potential, we nurture clients with our innovative frameworks. Our embedded values help us strengthen the bond with our clients, ensuring growth for all.

Datametica is a preferred partner with leading cloud vendors. We offer solutions related to migration from current Enterprise Data Warehouses to the Cloud determining which of these is best suited to your needs. We are giving Data Wings."
Metro Hospital &...,3.6,(199 Reviews),Noida + 13 more,26 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),N/A,"With a vision to provide the utmost level of healthcare to the common man, at the most affordable cost, Dr. Purshotam Lal (Padma Vibhushan, Padma Bhushan and Dr. B.C. Roy National Awardee), a pioneer ofInterventional Cardiology in India, founded Metro Group of Hospitals.

India’s large and diverse population warrants an efficient health care infrastructure that should be accessible to all strata’s of society. Good quality health care should not be a privilege of the elite only. Metro Group of Hospitals was setup in 1997 by Padma Vibhushan and Dr. B C Roy National Awardee Dr. Purshotam Lal (Chairman), with the vision and endeavors to bring the best possible health care to the masses of India. In order to achieve this, Metro Group of Hospitals has evolved as a committed group which provides advanced medical care at much affordable prices. Their focus has always been on the patients of the lower and middle sections of society, patients who are rejected by the large corporate hospitals, and who cannot afford expensive medical care but definitely deserve empathy. They believe that medicine is a noble profession and sick must not be rejected on monetary grounds.

Metro Group of Hospitals is a group of 12 (2,500+ beds) flourishing hospitals, mainly in North India, out of which 10 are NABH Accredited (NABH – is the highest accreditation body in India) and 4 are NABL Accredited (NABL is the highest body for accreditation of laboratory services)."
Ample Technologi...,3.8,(199 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 18 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Our corporate team helps customise unique technology solutions to address complex business challenges and create value through sustainable innovation.

As pragmatic consultants keen on performance, we help you design and achieve market-leading roadmaps by combining creative thinking, technology expertise, and global reach. We are successfully defining, customising and delivering value to corporations across industries such as financial services, insurance, retail, logistics, energy, utilities, healthcare, life sciences, manufacturing, telecommunications and many such services.

We have a long experience and clear understanding of all the challenges and issues organizations face when it comes to implementing the right technology solutions. Being trusted partners to Apple, Samsung, Adobe, Dell-EMC, HP, IBM, Microsoft, Lenovo, etc., our B2B team customises the best technological solutions that help drive transformation, improve productivity and streamline operations in any business."
Scania,4.3,(199 Reviews),Private,"Södertälje,Södertälje + 18 more",132 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Scania is a leading supplier of solutions and services for sustainable transport, as well as engines for industrial and marine applications and power generation. Service-related products account for a growing proportion of the company’s operations, assuring Scania customers of cost-effective transport solutions and maximum vehicle uptime. Scania also offers financial services"
The Louis Berger...,4.1,(199 Reviews),Private,Montreal + 28 more,138 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Louis Berger was founded in 1953 by Dr. Louis Berger, a member of the engineering faculty at Pennsylvania State University and former U.S. Coast Guard commander. The firm began as a soils mechanics and foundations engineering operation with one office in Harrisburg, Pa.integrity and commitment has built decades-long client relationships with local, state and federal governments; multilateral institutions; and other public and private entities.In 1959, Louis Berger undertook its first international assignment, assisting in the rehabilitation of 700 kilometers of the Rangoon-Mandalay Road in Burma. Building on this experience and the entrepreneurial spirit embodied by its founder, the company began working Nigeria, Bangladesh, Brazil, Thailand and Indonesia during the 1960s. To complement its engineering practice and provide more holistic solutions to global problems, Louis Berger formed the development economics group, the precursor to today’s integrated development practice, which combines social and economic improvements with physical infrastructure upgrades."
Sureti Insurance...,4.6,(199 Reviews),Coimbatore + 2 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Banco Products,3.7,(199 Reviews),Public,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujrat + 12 more",62 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Banco was established in 1961. By combining entrepreneurial spirit with a passion for excellence in engineering, Banco has carved a niche for itself as a leader in the business of engine cooling and engine sealing systems. Banco product scope caters to wide ranging applications in Passenger cars, Commercial vehicles, Agriculture tractor, Construction machinery, Railways, Gensets & Material handling equipment.
Not just Products, Bespoke Engine Cooling Systems. Innovation is our Banco DNA. Our world-class R&D facilities at Bhaili and near Ankhi are DSIR approved. Following an ""Outside In""​ approach, our engineers develop a comprehensive understanding of customer requirements. 

With our belief that ""one shoe does not fit all""​, we develop bespoke solutions that exceed customer's expectations and deliver outstanding performance under demanding Indian application conditions. By continuously improving on our designs, we are ""Future-ready""​ to offer BS-VI solutions for Automotive applications and BS-IV / Euro V applications for Off-highway applications.

Nederlandse Radiateuren Fabriek B.V. (NRF), headquartered in Netherlands, became part of Banco in 2010. NRF is a leading manufacturer and supplier of cooling products for the automotive market, industrial, railway, and marine sectors.
Banco, with a strong focus on product development together with emphasis on world-class quality, Banco products have won the trust of customers across Europe, the Americas, Asia, and Africa.

Banco is the preferred choice of OEMs in the automotive and industrial sectors.  Our leading OEM customers include Tata Motors, Ashok Leyland, Cummins, Maruti, Mahindra & Mahindra, Hero Honda, TVS, Harley Davidson, Indian Railways, Caterpillar, JCB, Kirloskar, TAFE, Escorts, SML Isuzu, Manitou, John Deere, just to name of few.
With a wide product basket, Banco is a leader in Aftermarket for Engine cooling and Engine sealing products."
Dun & Bradstreet,3.7,(198 Reviews),Private,"Short Hills,New Jersey + 12 more",182 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Our data and analytics bring distinct clarity to our customers’ relationship-related decisions; whether these relationships involve buyers, prospects, suppliers or partners (potential or actual). We don’t just dump business data on your doorstep but find truth and meaning in that data, delivering insights on your key relationships, however and wherever you want them. With Dun & Bradstreet, it’s easier to choose the most promising companies to move forward with; and the riskiest ones to leave behind."
TRL Krosaki Refr...,3.8,(198 Reviews),Public,"Jharsuguda,Odisha + 16 more",65 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"TRL Krosaki Refractories Limited is an Indian refractory company. It was established in 1958 in Belpahar, a city in Jharsuguda district of Odisha"
Desun Hospital &...,3.7,(198 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 6 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Desun Hospital, Kolkata, India is committed to providing efficient, effective and timely healthcare to its patients, through the best medical support in a clean and hygienic environment.
 
The hospital is presently operating with 300 Beds,94 Bed ICU,28 Medical Departments and1 Superspeciality Heart Institute."
Roki Minda Co,4.5,(198 Reviews),Private,Bawal + 14 more,13 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"ROKI Minda Co. Private Limited is a Joint Venture between UNO MINDA and Roki Co. Limited of Japan.

A state-of-the-art modern manufacturing plant is set up in Bawal, Bangalore and Gujarat for manufacturing Air Intake Systems.

Roki's global R&D department supports the company for all product design and development needs.

Roki Company Ltd. was founded in 1958 and is headquartered in Hamamatsu, Japan. It is a leading manufacturer of automotive air intake systems, carbon canisters, intake manifolds & power steering fluid filters, automatic transmission fluid filters, power steering fluid tanks in Japan, North America, Asia and Europe. Roki has a high quality product line up which embodies the value and accuracy required from automakers around the world all the way up to the pinnacle of automotive racing – F1."
Syndicate Bank,4.1,(198 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 51 more",98 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Syndicate Bank was established in Udupi, coastal Karnataka, the abode of Lord Sri Krishna, with a capital of just Rs. 8000 / -. He was a businessman, engineer and doctor respectively on October 20, 1925, by Pai and had a firm faith in social welfare. Their main objective was to provide financial assistance to the local weavers by collecting small savings from the society as the situation in the handloom industry worsened due to the crisis in the handloom industry. The bank, through its agents, started in 1928, used to collect nominal amounts of two arrivals daily by reaching the door-to-door of the depositors through its agents. The scheme has become the brand equity of the bank today and the bank is collecting an amount of Rs.2 crores per day under this scheme."
ZF India Technol...,3.8,(198 Reviews),Private,Friedrichshafen + 2 more,108 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"ZF is a global technology company and supplies systems for passenger cars, commercial vehicles and industrial technology, enabling the next generation of mobility.

In the four technology domains Vehicle Motion Control, Integrated Safety, Automated Driving, and Electric Mobility, ZF offers comprehensive solutions for established vehicle manufacturers and newly emerging transport and mobility service providers. ZF electrifies different kinds of vehicles. With its products, the company contributes to reducing emissions and protecting the climate.

ZF, which acquired WABCO Holdings Inc. on May 29, 2020, now has 160,000 employees worldwide with approximately 260 locations in 41 countries. In 2019, the two then-independent companies achieved sales of €36.5 billion (ZF) and $3.4 billion (WABCO)."
CPM India Sales ...,4.2,(198 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 33 more,15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At CPM we make it our business to know our clients’ businesses inside out. We are proud to have worked with more than 80% of our clients for more than ten years. We have a passion for growing brands and increasing sales, so we provide a range of integrated sales solutions that do just that – increase our clients’ sales. Because innovation is at the heart of our business, we are constantly finding new ways to drive sales and measurable ROI."
Pfizer Products ...,4.2,(198 Reviews),"New York City,New York + 10 more",174 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Pfizer entered India in 1950, the same year the country became a republic. Since then we have been succesful in improving the healthcare portfolio in India making us one of the top multinational companies in the Indian pharmaceutical industry. We have a leading portfolio of products and medicines that support wellness and prevention, as well as treatment and cures for diseases across a broad range of both acute and chronic therapeutic segments that includes Pain, Respiratory, Vitamins/Minerals, Hospital Anti-Infectives, Neurosciences and Cardiovascular. Six of our brands feature among the top 100 pharmaceutical brands in India. Two of our key brands Corex (Cough Formulation) and Becosules (Multivitamin) have also been awarded the Most Trusted Brand Award and continue to rank among the Top 15 pharmaceutical drug brands. In 2005 we have also won the Golden Peacock Innovative Product for our drug Magnex (Sulperazon)."
Gold Plus Glass,4.0,(198 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 15 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Gold Plus Glass dates back to 1985 when it was a major glass trade firm in India. Gold Plus presently employs over 5000 people and has a self-owned production area of 4.5 million square feet, with two float lines that began production in 2009 and 2018 and have a combined capacity of 1250 tonnes per day."
Inspira Enterpri...,4.1,(198 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Inspira Enterprise is a leading digital transformation enterprise that combines bold thinking, path breaking technologies and years of expertise to transform businesses and organizations around the world. Headquartered in Mumbai, Inspira has satellite offices pan India, Singapore, UAE, Africa & US with a team of over 500 professionals.Established in 2008, our expertise lies in Cyber Security, Internet of Things (IOT), Digital Healthcare, Networking and ANKIOS, a single platform exclusively dedicated to next-gen digital transformation - Blockchain, Intelligent Automation, Big Data & Analytics and Cloud Computing technologies.Inspira is ratified with an ISO and CMMI Level 3 certification. Over the last decade, we have assisted our clients in maximizing their business performance with domain expertise, innovative project management and comprehensive, full spectrum services. Our clientele is spread across departments in the Government, Defense, Banking Financial Services & Insurance, IT / ITeS, Healthcare, Oil & Gas, Smart City & Enterprise verticals."
BP,4.0,(527 Reviews),Private,London + 5 more,114 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The world is changing fast and our industry is changing with it. The energy mix is shifting towards lower carbon sources, driven by technological advances and growing environmental concerns. In BP, we will help drive this transition - and our business will be transformed by it. We are continually looking for talented, committed and ambitious people to help us shape the face of energy for the future."
Spectrum Talent ...,4.0,(197 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 35 more",15 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),"Committed to establish and maintain a positive difference to your staffing needs. Spectrum Talent Management is a headhunting and manpower recruitment firm of high repute and acknowledgment. With our industry expertise, we understand that company's today require more than a skilled candidate; they reach for employees who are productive, exhibit a positive attitude and have the ability to become a member of their team. We are backed by diverse industry exposure and extremely skilled and efficient manpower believing in value addition."
Moody's Analytic...,3.8,(197 Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 4 more",16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Moodys are a globally integrated risk assessment firm that empowers organizations to make better decisions. Our data, analytical solutions and insights help decision-makers identify opportunities and manage the risks of doing business with others. We believe that greater transparency, more informed decisions, and fair access to information open the door to shared progress. With over 13,000 employees in more than 40 countries, Moody’s combines global presence with local expertise and over a century of experience in financial markets."
Caretel Infotech,3.6,(197 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 8 more",19 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),"Caretel is part of Dalmia group (A leading Indian company conglomerate with GHCL, as a flagship company). 

Caretel is well-established processes, confirming to ISO 9001:2008 & ISO 27001 and ISO 22301 standards. Caretel provides the following services , Call center services,IVRS development , BPO services, Software Development, Data entry , Consulting.
The company operates IT enabled services in top business cities of India including Delhi, Mumbai, Calcutta, Chennai, Pune, Noida . Caretel is again one of the most geographically diverse IT enabled operations in the country. It has a rich experience of handling millions CTI (Computer telephony integration) calls per annum, along with large back-office operation."
Wildcraft,4.1,(197 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 32 more,25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Incorporated in 1998, Wildcraft India Pvt. Ltd. (WIPL) is India’s foremost company in the manufacturing and distribution of head-to-toe products for trek-to-travel solutions, serving more than 3.5 million customers annually with sales in excess of USD 100 Million. Wildcraft is equipped with an extended geo footprint of 200+ exclusive brand stores across 60+ cities with 5000+ retail points-of-sale across India. This also includes over 1000 points-of-sale across departmental stores & hyper markets. Wildcraft further has a strategic partnership with Flipkart & Myntra."
Elentec India,3.8,(197 Reviews),Private,"Hwasung City,South Korea + 13 more",41 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Amid the fast growing digital era, constant technology development, and lifestyle changes aimed at greater convenience. Elentec stands at the center of it all, leading the way with impressive development."
K L University,3.7,(197 Reviews),Private,Vijayawada + 9 more,43 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The Koneru Lakshmaiah Charities was established as a trust in the year 1980 with its official address at Museum road, Governorpet, Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh 520 002 and started KL College of Engineering in the Academic year 1980-81.

KL Deemed to be university was established in 1980-81, as KL College of Engineering, which was upgraded to KL College of Engineering Autonomous in 2006 by UGC, and was declared as a Deemed to be University in 2009 by UGC, MHRD Govt.of India. In 2012 as a Deemed to be University the institution was accredited by NAAC with A Grade and later in 2018, was re-accredited by NAAC with A++ grade. In 2019 UGC, MHRD declared this intuition as Category I Institution."
Smaaash Entertai...,4.1,(197 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 19 more",14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Brain child of the multi-faceted Mr. Shripal Morakhia, Smaaash offers a lot more than your run-of-the-mill gaming centre. SMAAASH presents an unmatched range of games that offer a superlative virtual-reality experience, and combines the best of sports, music, and dining into a highly immersive, interactive, innovative and involved entertainment experience.Smaaash is the first of its kind interactive experience, bringing to you the perfect balance of virtual and real. Pioneering the field of sports simulation technology, Smaaash is home to highly immersive and interactive simulators making their global debut, where one gets the opportunity to test their skills by playing against the most formidable opponents giving an experience that is truly incomparable.Challenge yourself by playing cricket against International Legends, race the fastest car, try a hand at 10 Pin Bowling or give your best shot against our SuperKepeer Goalie!"
London Stock Exc...,4.2,(385 Reviews),Private,London + 4 more,325 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"London Stock Exchange Group is a diversified international market infrastructure and capital markets business sitting at the heart of the world's financial community.

The Group operates a broad range of international equity, bond and derivatives markets, including London Stock Exchange, Borsa Italiana, MTS and Turquoise. It is also home to one of the world&rsquo;s leading growth markets for SMEs, AIM.

Post trade and risk management services are a significant part of the Group&rsquo;s business operations. In addition to majority ownership of multi-asset global CCP operator, LCH.Clearnet Group, LSEG operates CC&G, Monte Titoli and globeSettle.

The Group is a global leader in indexing and analytic solutions. FTSE Russell offers thousands of indexes that measure and benchmark markets around the world.

LSEG is a leading developer of high performance trading platforms and capital markets software for customers around the world."
Flyhomes,4.6,(219 Reviews),"Seattle,Washington + 7 more",8 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Roche Diagnostic...,4.0,(202 Reviews),Private,"Basel,Basel City + 20 more",127 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG is a Swiss multinational healthcare company that operates worldwide under two divisions: Pharmaceuticals and Diagnostics. Its holding company, Roche Holding AG, has bearer shares listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange. The company headquarters are located in Basel."
Mettler-Toledo,3.6,(196 Reviews),Private,"Greifensee,Zurich + 16 more",77 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"METTLER TOLEDO is a global manufacturer and marketer of precision instruments for use in laboratory, industrial and food retailing applications. The Company has strong worldwide leadership positions. A significant majority of our instrument sales are in segments in which we are the global leader. In addition to a broad product offering, we have one of the largest global sales and service organizations among precision instrument companies."
Eurofins It Solu...,3.5,(196 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 3 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Eurofins IT Solutions India (EITSI) is a full owned subsidiary of Eurofins Scientific Services. EITSI will function as a Global Delivery Center & will be the largest IT Solutions group within Eurofins and exclusively cater to Eurofins Global IT business needs.

The main goal of this center is to build competency and provide world-class, high-quality IT Solutions and Services with a special focus on next generation Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS).

In addition, EITSI develops various applications for the Eurofins Group, such as e-Commerce, Middleware, ERP, Invoicing, CRM, website, mobile applications etc."
Arvind Fashions,3.7,(196 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 32 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Arvind Fashions Ltd is the leading lifestyle company in India offering the widest array of fashion brands in the country. Our proud heritage goes back to Arvind Ltd. which is India’s largest integrated textile player and one of the oldest & most respected groups in the Textile Business in the country. Since our inception, we have built an un-matched bouquet of brands both homegrown and global which straddle lifestyles, categories and price points. Our experience of brand-building reflects the changing face of India. Back in 1980, when the jeans revolution was just entering the Indian psyche, we launched India’s first denim brand – Flying Machine. In 1990, as India was opening up to the world, we were the first company to launch an international fashion brand – Arrow – in the country. Today we have a ‘future ready’ portfolio of global brands, including Gap, Gant, Nautica and Sephora, Cole Haan, Johntson Murphy which operate in the Bridge to Luxury segment & Arrow, US Polo Association, Aeropostale, The Children’s Place, Ed Hardy, Izod, Hanes, Elle, in the premium segment and Cherokee in the premium value segment of the Indian market. Our brands are retailed in over 1,300 standalone stores and about 5,000 departmental & multi-brand stores in over 192 cities and towns across India. They are also available online on our proprietary e-commerce platform NNNOW.COM and other third – party online marketplaces."
Techwave Consult...,3.8,(196 Reviews),Private,"Houston,Texas + 1 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Techwave is a leading global IT services company headquartered in Houston, TX, USA. We are an end-to-end service provider helping business and industries optimize their performance with our wide array of services including, but not limited to, ERP, Digital, Cloud, Big Data Analytics, EPM, Infrastructure Management, Engineering Services, and Application Development. Our 1500+ skilled associates combine their domain expertise and latest technology platforms to build custom-fit solutions, individualized to match specific needs of the industry. Our agile and collaborative approach makes us the right-sized partner in the industry.Techwave kick-started its journey in 2004 and is now established an end-to-end Strategy, Implementation and Support Services provider. We are an ISO/IEC 27001:2013 & ISO 9001:2008 certified company, having strong alliances with leading software vendors to deliver most innovative and market-ready solutions. We are now spread globally with strong presence in North America, Europe, Middle East, South Africa, India, Singapore and Australia, helping more than 400+ satisfied clients with our value-added services.Techwave has been appraised at level 3 of the CMMI Institute’s Capability Maturity Model Integration! #Capability4Change"
Mobileum,3.9,(196 Reviews),Private,"Cupertino,California + 3 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Mobileum is a leading provider of telecom analytics solutions for roaming, core network, security, risk management, domestic and international connectivity testing, and customer intelligence. More than 1,000 customers rely on its Active Intelligence platform, which provides advanced analytics solutions, allowing customers to connect deep network and operational intelligence with real-time actions that increase revenue, improve customer experience, and reduce costs.  Headquartered in Silicon Valley, Mobileum has global offices in Australia, United Arab Emirates, Germany, Greece, India, Indonesia, Portugal, Singapore, and UK."
Groupm Media,4.0,(196 Reviews),Public,"New York,New York, + 11 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GroupM is the world’s leading media investment company responsible for more than $50B in annual media investment through agencies Mindshare, MediaCom, Wavemaker, Essence and m/SIX, as well as the outcomes-driven programmatic audience company, Xaxis. GroupM’s portfolio includes Data & Technology, Investment and Services, all united in vision to shape the next era of media where advertising works better for people. By leveraging all the benefits of scale, the company innovates, differentiates and generates sustained value for our clients wherever they do business."
ShopKirana,3.9,(196 Reviews),Private,"Indore,Madhya Pradesh + 18 more",9 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ShopKirana is a B2B - commerce company focused on technology and supply chain innovation that aims to empower retailers to be competitive by providing technology, operational expertise and scale advantage. Idea is to partner with millions of retailers (by becoming part of their supply chain) and making it the biggest and quickest go-to-market channel for products and services. ShopKirana directly works with brands to give them a boost on the demand side and reach to masses with transparency and deep market intelligence."
Seven Hills Hosp...,3.9,(195 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"SevenHills Hospital, located in the heart of Mumbai, offers affordable and quality quaternary level healthcare services in a patient-friendly environment with a strong belief in ethical and transparent medical practices supported by a world class integrated healthcare delivery system. SevenHills Group has over two decades of experience in the healthcare sector, and is known for providing quality healthcare and valuable experience to all domestic and international patients. Our healthcare offerings are supported by a team of compassionate and dedicated medical professionals who have rich knowledge and experience in their respective domains.


SevenHills Hospital has the ideal combination of highly qualified medical professionals, healthcare industry know-how in various fields, multi-disciplinary approach to patient care, and in-depth understanding in healthcare technology. All this is the result of over 25 years of SevenHills Hospital’s existence as a comprehensive healthcare system in Visakhapatnam providing multi-specialty tertiary care services to more than 50 million people in India."
Dnata,4.2,(195 Reviews),Private,"Dubai,Dubai + 16 more",64 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"dnata is one of the world’s largest air services providers. Established in 1959, the company ensures the aviation industry operates smoothly and efficiently in 127 airports. Offering ground handling, cargo, travel, and flight catering services in 35 countries across six continents, dnata is a trusted partner for over 300 airline customers around the world. Each day, the company handles over 1,900 flights, moves over 8,500 tons of cargo, books over 16,000 hotel stays, and uplifts over 320,000 meals."
ACB (India),3.9,(195 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 16 more",26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"ACB (India) Limited, along with its subsidiaries and associates,  is largest and most efficient coal washery company in the private sector with an aggregate designed beneficiation capacity, on a proportional basis, of 65.61 million tons per annum. Our beneficiation operations are spread over 19 locations in India in the major coal bearing states of Chhattisgarh, Orissa, Maharashtra and Telangana and include the largest coal beneficiation plant in India in Dipka (Chhattisgarh), with a designed capacity of 12.00 million tons per annum. The Company’s core business is coal beneficiation and power generation. Our Corporate Office is in Gurgaon, and we also have offices at various other locations in India. The rating for non-convertible debentures of the Company is IND A+/Stable from India Ratings and CRISIL A-/Stable from CRISIL."
Personiv,3.7,(195 Reviews),Private,"Austin,Texas + 3 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With a 30-year track record of outsourcing business functions large and small, Personiv can help your business run more efficiently through our people-powered solutions. Our innovative services span from recruiting and back office to creative design and customer contact. We hire, train and retain top talent with a customized plan perfect for your brand, delivering high-quality work quickly and effectively, while you enjoy cost savings of up to 75%. Whether you are looking to build your team, increase sales or master productivity, we can help you reach your goals so you can focus on what really matters."
Kirloskar Electr...,3.6,(195 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 20 more",77 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are the leading manufacturer of.Electricaland Electronic Equipments. in India. Established in 1946,Kirloskar Electric Companyushered the indigenouselectricalmanufacturing industry in India."
GE Aviation,4.2,(195 Reviews),Private,Cincinnati + 6 more,106 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GE Aviation is a world-leading provider of jet engines, components and integrated systems for commercial and military aircraft. GE Aviation has a global service network to support these offerings."
Zydex Industries,4.0,(195 Reviews),Private,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujrat + 44 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in 1997, Zydex is a specialty chemicals company with the purpose of innovating for sustainability. With our diversified product range, we touch upon all basic necessities of a common man i.e. ROTI, KAPDA, MAKAAN and SADAK (Food, Clothing, Housing and Roads).
We are committed to creating a sustainable world through innovative, environment friendly and patented technologies in the areas of AGRICULTURE, TEXTILES, PAINTS & WATERPROOFING and ROADS. Our product portfolio encompasses 200+ innovative solutions with presence in over 40 countries across the globe."
ISS SDB Security...,4.4,(195 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 41 more,13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Iss Sdb Security Services Private Limited was founded in 2010. The company's line of business includes providing detective, guard, and armored car services."
Bharat Dynamics,4.3,(195 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 3 more",53 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bharat Dynamics Limited (BDL), a Government of India Enterprise under the Ministry of Defence was established in Hyderabad in the year 1970 to be a manufacturing base for guided missiles and allied defence equipment.   Nurtured by a pool of talented engineers drawn from DRDO and aerospace industries, BDL began its journey by producing the 1st Generation Anti -Tank Guided Missile (ATGM) - the French SS11B1.  This product was a culmination of a Licence Agreement the Government of India entered into with Aerospatiale, French Republic.   BDL has three manufacturing units, located at Kanchanbagh, Hyderabad, T.S.,  Bhanur, Medak district, T.S. and Visakhapatnam, A.P. Two New Units are planned at Ibrahimpatnam, Ranga Reddy district, T.S. and Amravathi, Maharashtra."
NTT-Netmagic,4.2,(195 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 11 more",25 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"NTT-Netmagic, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NTT, is India’s leading Managed Hosting and Multi-Cloud Hybrid IT solution provider serving more than 2000 enterprises globally. Headquartered in Mumbai, NTT-Netmagic also delivers Remote Infrastructure Management (RIM) services to various enterprise customers globally across Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific region. The Company was the first in India to launch services – Cloud Computing, Managed Security, Disaster Recovery-as-a-Service (DRaaS) and Software-Defined Storage. NTT-Netmagic has been recognized with 8 awards at the CIO Choice 2020, and 2 awards at the Datacenter Dynamics India"
Religare Finvest,4.5,(195 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 31 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Religare Finvest Limited – ‘NURTURING ENTREPRENEURS’Religare Finvest Limited (RFL), a subsidiary of Religare Enterprises Limited, is a non-deposit taking systemically important Non-Banking Finance Company. With a wide network of branches and ISO certification 9001:2008, RFL is committed to providing debt capital to power the growth of the SME's which constitute as the backbone of India's economy. The Company focuses on small and medium enterprises (SMEs) financing, retail capital market financing and corporate loans. RFL understands that each financial need is unique and offers customized 'Secured'​ and 'Unsecured'​ loans’ to empower the customer to prosper .Our lending solutions include • SME Mortgage Loans• SME Working Capital Loans • Short Term Trade FinanceThe company also runs a retail capital markets financing business which includes Loan against Marketable SecuritiesEthos has been – ‘In Our Customer Success Lies Ours Success’RFL has adopted an approach of cluster based lending within the identified geographies and building distribution capabilities to create a Direct to Customer model. Thus we are the ‘Growth Capital’ providers to SME’s in India in the form of a debt."
Vistara,3.3,(195 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 18 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Vistara is a joint venture of Tata Sons Private Limited and Singapore Airlines Limited (SIA), wherein Tata Sons holds 51% stake in partnership and Singapore Airlines owns 49% stake. The company is registered as TATA SIA Airlines Limited.

In 2013, two legendary brands, Tata Sons and Singapore Airlines, decided to fulfil a long-cherished shared dream to bring forth a distinguished flying experience to air travellers in India. With its strong historical ties with aviation, the Tata group had long wished to re-enter the aviation sector, after Tata Airlines was renamed Air India and eventually, nationalised. Both, the Tata group and Singapore Airlines were also firm believers in the growth potential of the Indian aviation sector and hence tried to enter the market in the past; first, in 1994 by setting up a joint venture to start an airline in India and then in 2000, teaming up to purchase stakes in Air India. However, after the lifting of foreign investment restrictions in 2012, the partners once again sought approval for a tie-up, which it obtained in October 2013. On November 5, 2013, Vistara’s holding company, TATA SIA Airlines Limited, was incorporated.

The common goal of the joint venture is to redefine air travel in India to provide Indian travellers a seamless and personalized flying experience that blends Tata’s and SIA’s service excellence and legendary hospitality. The brand name ‘Vistara’ is derived from the Sanskrit word ‘Vistaar’ that means ‘a limitless expanse’. The name Vistara draws inspiration from the world that Vistara inhabits, viz. the ‘limitless’ sky. The brand also draws stimulus from the image that passengers most associate with a smooth and enjoyable flight – the endless, blue horizon they see through the windows of an aircraft. As it aims to transform the flying experience of travellers in India, Vistara christens its brand tagline as ‘fly the new feeling’.

On January 9, 2015, Vistara started its operations with a maiden flight from Delhi to Mumbai. In a short span of time, Vistara has rapidly expanded its footprint, both in terms of network and service proposition. Vistara now serves 33 destinations with over 200 flights daily operated by a fleet of 26 Airbus A320 and 9 Boeing 737-800NG aircraft. Vistara has already flown more than 15 million happy customers since starting operations"
Godrej Interio,3.8,(195 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 39 more,38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Godrej Interio is India’s largest furniture brand. From manufacturing the humble Storwel cupboard 80 years back to being a vibrant, innovative brand with a diverse portfolio – it’s been a brilliant, exciting journey for us.

We love bringing alive your dream space. We emphasize comfort and aesthetics while delivering well designed, fun and functional furniture solutions to you.

True to the Godrej mission to conserve the environment, we design products, set up processes and use raw materials that are eco-friendly to do our bit to preserve natural resources.

We offer our customers home and office furniture, along with solutions for laboratories, hospitals and healthcare establishments, education and training institutes, shipyards and navy, auditoriums and stadiums. We are present across India through our 50 exclusive showrooms in 18 cities and through 800 dealer outlets.

Godrej Interio is a business unit of Godrej & Boyce Mfg. Co. Ltd. - part of the Godrej Group, one of India’s largest engineering and consumer product groups."
Loadshare Networ...,3.4,(195 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 40 more",6 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"LoadShare is one of India's fastest-growing logistics companies with a far-reaching express and logistics network covering the entire North East and East India, metros, Karnataka, Kerala, UP, Rajasthan, Gujrat, and many more locations. Our Mission is to offer best-in-class and prime industry solutions by enabling and empowering the small and medium players with technology, domain expertise, and Pan- India operations. LoadShare offers extensive and large scale logistics services ranging from order fulfillment solutions, first-mile, line-haul, last-mile deliveries, third party fulfillment, and modular logistics software solution to partners. Find out more at www.loadshare.net"
L&T Water & Effl...,4.5,(195 Reviews),Chennai + 38 more,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
E2OPEN,4.0,(195 Reviews),Private,"AUstin,Texas + 3 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The e2open supply chain platform is helping the world’s largest companies transform the way they make, move, and sell goods and services. 

Today’s supply chains are more complex, more expansive, and more reliant on external partners than ever before. With so many touch points, it is critical to have an integrated, singular platform to help you manage your extended supply chain end-to-end and respond rapidly to challenges in real-time."
RCL-PRIYA CEMENT,4.1,(195 Reviews),"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 26 more",49 years old,1-10 Employees (India),N/A,"Rain Industries Limited (RAIN) is a leading vertically integrated producer of carbon, cement and Advanced materials products. Headquartered in India, RAIN has manufacturing facilities in eight countries across three continents."
NortonLifeLock's...,4.2,(530 Reviews),Private,"Mountain View,California + 3 more",41 years old,501-1k Employees (India),Symantec Enterprise Security Products are now part of Broadcom. The consumer division of Symantec Corp. is now NortonLifeLock Inc. -- a standalone company dedicated to consumer cyber safety. Symantec was acquired by Broadcom Inc
Siemens Healthin...,4.1,(405 Reviews),Erlangen + 12 more,127 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"At Siemens Healthineers, our purpose is to enable healthcare providers to increase value by empowering them on their journey towards expanding precision medicine, transforming care delivery, and improving patient experience, all enabled by digitalizing healthcare.

An estimated five million patients worldwide everyday benefit from our innovative technologies and services in the areas of diagnostic and therapeutic imaging, laboratory diagnostics and molecular medicine as well as digital health and enterprise services. We're a leading medical technology company with over 120 years of experience and 18,500 patents globally. With over 50,000 employees in more than 70 countries, we'll continue to innovate and shape the future of healthcare"
Air Liquide,3.8,(226 Reviews),Public,Paris + 20 more,121 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"A world leader in gases, technologies and services for Industry and Health, Air Liquide is present in 80 countries with approximately 66,000 employees and serves more than 3.6 million customers and patients. Oxygen, nitrogen and hydrogen are essential small molecules for life, matter and energy. They embody Air Liquide’s scientific territory and have been at the core of the company’s activities since its creation in 1902. 

Air Liquide’s ambition is to be a leader in its industry, deliver long term performance and contribute to sustainability. The company’s customer-centric transformation strategy aims at profitable growth over the long term. It relies on operational excellence, selective investments, open innovation and a network organization implemented by the Group worldwide. Through the commitment and inventiveness of its people, Air Liquide leverages energy and environment transition, changes in healthcare and digitization, and delivers greater value to all its stakeholders."
Mahindra Susten,4.3,(196 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Mahindra Susten Pvt. Ltd., formerly Mahindra EPC Services Pvt. Ltd., is part of the USD 19 billion Mahindra Group. A portfolio company under the Cleantech arm of Mahindra Partners, they offer solar solutions spanning On-Grid solutions, EPC and Off-Grid Product solutions. Our core objective is to deliver beyond guaranteed plant performance for the O&M period within budget, with a focus on Sustainability, QHSE and performance maximisation to delight the Customer. The Mahindra Susten O&M team has over 160 members maintaining assets across 104 locations across India. Our approach is to focus on maximising plant useful life and generation maximisation. The performance of our portfolio, over 1.8GW utility scale solar PV projects across India and a plant uptime consistently above 99.5% across portfolio for last 5 years is a testament to our expertise and commitment."
AirAsia,3.6,(194 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 21 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"AirAsia is a leading travel and financial platform company in Asia Pacific, providing air transport, travel and lifestyle services, as well as financial services. AirAsia started as a low-cost carrier with operations in Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, the Philippines, India, and Japan, and has carried more than 600 million guests to over 150 destinations in its network across Asia, Australia, the Middle East and the US. Recognised for its world-class service, the airline has been named Skytrax World’s Best Low-Cost Airline 11 years in a row from 2009 to 2019 and World Travel Awards World's Leading Low-Cost Airline for seven consecutive years from 2013 to 2019. AirAsia has since embarked on a transformation journey to become more than just an airline, with the inclusion of hotels, holidays, activities and online shopping on its travel and lifestyle platform airasia.com, integrated logistics through Teleport and digital financial services via its money app, BigPay."
Paragon Digital ...,3.7,(194 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 10 more,16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A premier technical services agency offering expert media operations and business services to advertisers, publishers and platforms. ISO 9001:2015 certified, we are distinguished by exceptional delivery optimization and white glove service to 75+ clients."
Iol Chemicals & ...,3.9,(194 Reviews),Private,"Ludhiana,Punjab + 9 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited(IOLCP) is a leading organicchemicalsmanufacturer and supplier. We are Indian manufacturer of industrialchemicals& bulk drugs for over two decades. Nature of Business Manufacturer
Bengal Beverages,3.3,(194 Reviews),Private,Dankuni + 5 more,28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The manufacturing unit at Dankuni was set up in 1984 by our Chairman cum Managing Director Mr. Shiv Ratan Goenka. It continues to flourish under the leadership of his son Mr. Amit Goenka – Managing Director. It is a closely held with company within the family.

Ever since Coca-Cola re-entered India in 1993, BBPL has become one of the leading beverage companies in the country. The Company offers a diversified portfolio of much loved beverages that include some of the top brands in the world.

The Company runs a state-of-the-art manufacturing unit, where more than 52 products are produced, across different production lines. The process incorporates the latest of technologies to ensure maximum productivity, whilst always maintaining the highest levels of quality and safety. Constant innovation and up-gradation ensures a highly efficient manufacturing unit."
Somic ZF Compone...,4.3,(194 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 9 more",28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The company was initially set up as Sona Somic Components Limited in the year 1995, a joint venture with Somic Ishikawa Inc, Japan. In 1998, Lemforder Metallwaren AG, Germany picked up an equity stake in this company and the company became Sona Somic Lemforder Components Limited (SSLCL). In 2012 after exit of Sona, ZF Friedrichshafen AG replaced Lemforder Metallwaren AG the company was further renamed Somic ZF Components Pvt. Ltd. (SZCPL) with an equal joint venture between Somic Ishikawa Inc, Japan & ZF Friedrichshafen AG, Germany. This tie-up helped to expand the footprint of company as it can now cater to both the Japanese as well as the European Customers."
Apollo Clinic,3.8,(194 Reviews),Public,Hyderabad + 30 more,21 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Apollo Clinics are multi-specialty clinics run by Apollo Health & Lifestyle Limited (AHLL), a subsidiary of Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Limited (AHEL). AHLL is one of the largest players in the retail healthcare segment in India.

Apollo Clinics was founded in 2002 with the aim “to bring healthcare of international standards within the reach of every individual.” To achieve this, Apollo Clinics run a large network of Apollo Clinics with over 75 clinics, both owned and franchised in India and overseas.

Each Apollo Clinic is committed to not only providing consistently superior quality health care services but also addressing the day-to-day health care needs of the family. To maximize convenience and comfort, Apollo Clinic is an integrated model and offers facilities for Specialist Consultation, Diagnostics, Preventive Health Checks and Pharmacy, all under one roof."
Patil Group,4.0,(194 Reviews),Hyderabad + 28 more,90 years old,11-50 Employees (India),N/A,"Patil Group started its operations in 1933 from Gulbarga, a historic and commercially important city in the state of Karnataka by trading in agricultural products, mainly Pulses, which are an important part of the daily diet in India.

Patil Group of Industries is one of the leading company in Railway Track Engineering, the Group has its activities spread in the areas of manufacturing of Concrete Sleepers, Rail Fittings for normal track, elevated & underground track for Metro Rail, Switches & Crossings (Thick Web Technology), Ballastless Track suitable for High-Speed Lines, Bridges, Tunnels and Aprons.  The Group has got its activities spread in the states of West Bengal, Orissa, Chattisgarh, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Tamil Nadu & Karnataka apart from Delhi Metro & Chennai Metro. i.e, entire East & South of India is covered by the Group."
Hitachi Consulti...,4.0,(194 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,Texas + 9 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hitachi Consulting Corporation was an American international management and technology consulting firm with headquarters in Dallas, Texas"
Arena Animation,3.9,(194 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 48 more,27 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Arena Animation's comprehensive courses with updated industry-relevant curriculum, high-end infrastructure with fully-equipped practice labs and dedicated job placement cell ensures that our students get job-ready for lucrative and satisfying careers in the dynamic and ever-growing creative industry. Arena certified professionals are now at key positions at various animation studios, film production houses, advertising companies, gaming companies, and other organisations across the world.

The faculty at our centres are the best in class. Our students also benefit from the exclusive student events, workshops, seminars, and master classes, where they learn from eminent personalities and celebrated stalwarts of the media and entertainment industry."
NVH India Auto P...,3.7,(194 Reviews),Private,"Buk-gu,Ulsan + 7 more",39 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"As a world-class specialist in automotive noise, vibration, and heat control parts, NVH Korea has built a proprietary Total NVH Interior System, offering optimal solutions to meet the various needs of its customers.NVH Korea’s innovative products and new technologies make automobile cabins quieter, more comfortable, and pleasant. Eco-friendly materials and products provide aesthetics, color, feel, and refined texture to an automobile’s cabin for a customer’s satisfaction in aesthetics and emotions. They also play a crucial role in weight reduction for improving fuel efficiency and reducing emissions.
The proprietary Total NVH Interior System, built through a vertical integration of every process from material development to manufacturing of parts, provides optimal solutions in noise, vibration, and heat control for various customers."
IDS Infotech,3.1,(194 Reviews),Public,Mohali + 8 more,34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IDS Infotech Limited uses a seamless global delivery network and extensive domain expertise to help any type of business achieve rapid and sustainable cost savings, improve cash flow and drive top-line growthAbout UsWho We AreTwenty five years of successful management in providing Software Solutions and Business Process Management ServicesEstablished in 1989, IDS Infotech Ltd. (IDS) employs over 1200 trained and skilled professionalsLocated across multiple locations globally (USA, Netherlands, UK, India), with over 150,000 sq.ft. of built-up area, IDS is a pioneer in providing Software solutions and Business Process Management Services to clients worldwide in various industry verticals, such as:"
Health Care Glob...,4.0,(194 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 26 more",34 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Healthcare Global Enterprises Ltd (HCG), India's largest provider of cancer care is at the forefront of the battle against cancer. Through its network of 20 comprehensive cancer centers spread across India, HCG has brought advanced cancer care to the doorstep of millions of people."
NOON.COM,4.1,(194 Reviews),LLC,"Burj Khalifa,Dubai + 11 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hi, we’re noon. The Middle East’s homegrown online marketplace, championing the region for a brighter, more exciting future. 

At noon, we don’t stop. We’re hungry for change which means we try, test, fail, learn and iterate over and over again. We believe in growth, passion, fearlessness and tenacity. 

We want to meet likeminded people who are keen to join our team. People with a hunger for movement and a passion to grow. We want fearless, tenacious people to help us build an online customer experience that creates, develops and empowers solutions for the region.

We are the home team, here to energize the ecosystem, nurture local talent and push the boundaries of e-commerce in the region. Ever-growing, challenging expectations and making the Middle East proud."
Bhilai Engineeri...,4.0,(194 Reviews),Public,"Bhilai/Bhillai,Chhattisgarh + 16 more",63 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"BHILAI ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED (BEC) since its inception 50 year ago, steadily maintains its growth both in size and diversity to stand today with an annual turnover of over USD 100 MILLION. It comprises of versatile plants with state of the art facilities that strengthen a wide span of business activities from Manufacturing, Exporting and undertaking Turnkey Projects.   BEC Ltd. has five units located in Raipur and Bhilai cities of the Chhattisgarh State, India. There are 5 Regional offices in New Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai and Bangalore to facilitate and support various projects and develop corporate relations. Additionally there are 5 site offices at Rourkela, Ranchi, Burnpur, Bokaro and Vizag cities. These offices are equipped with modern communication systems, ERP System and Design facilities."
Bada Business,3.8,(194 Reviews),New Delhi + 28 more,4 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"Bada Business is an Initiative by Dr. Vivek Bindra, who is a Motivational Speaker and a Renowned Business Coach.

Bada Business provides Extensive Knowledge of the Different Business Strategies and Frameworks, which will Help Indian SME’s to Do Big Business or Become Bada Business.

Bada Business allows the user to learn 'Everything About Entrepreneurship', which is the World's Most Affordable Entrepreneurship Program.

Bada Business is a One Stop Solution for all your Business Problems in the field of HR, Marketing, Sales, Technology, etc.

Bada Business provides a Lifetime Opportunity to learn from Billionaire Trainers like Mr. Mohandas Pai, Mr. Manu Jain, Mr. R.C. Bhargava and many more like them.

With Bada Business, we try to Make the Entrepreneurship & Management Education Available, Accessible and Affordable to Everyone."
Expleo Solutions,4.1,(194 Reviews),Chennai + 6 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"Expleo Solutions Limited (formerly known as SQS India BFSI Limited) is part of the Expleo Group of companies, focusing exclusively on business assurance, quality assurance and software testing for the banking, insurance and financial services industries.

Expleo Solutions Limited is a public company listed on both the BSE and NSE with its registered office in Chennai, India and works with clients across APAC, USA, Europe and the Middle East."
Tradebulls,2.9,(194 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 16 more",14 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Tradebulls is a Fastest Growing #Broking House | 2 Lakh+ Clients | 2000+ Business Partners | 1000+ Employees #Equitymarket #Derivatives #mutualfunds.

Having a wide clientele, we offer expert services in Equity, Currency, Commodity Trading, Derivatives and more. We are highly proficient in the distribution of Mutual Funds, IPO, Personal Loans & Insurance, Portfolio Management, Online Trading, and Depository Services.  

The company has one of the biggest pools of research and advisory professionals to do fundamental and technical research reports regularly. We have also created state-of-the-art tools to provide AI-based research to our customers. We currently have 1000+ employees and are counted as the top five brokers in Gujarat on NCDEX and BSE in terms of turnover and excelling progress. 

Our strong advisory team is based in the top cities of India, i.e., Mumbai, Bengaluru, Ahmedabad, Delhi, Gandhinagar, Hyderabad, Rajkot, Surat and Vadodara along with over 18+ branches. We are regarded as the most trustful financial firms by the traders.

We are also trying to make trading as simple as possible for everyone via our popular online series #MarketBloopers. Through the series, we are trying to break all the myths that people carry with regards to trading and educating & empowering potential traders and investors on how to make money via trading. We believe that an entrepreneur lives in every person which, when guided right, can do wonders for themselves. Our mission is to be that Guiding light for every enterneur to have their own #Start-up and be their #OwnBoss."
Rheinmetall Auto...,4.1,(194 Reviews),Private,Neckarlsum + 11 more,114 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Rheinmetall Automotive AG is the parent company of Rheinmetall’s Automotive sector. As a global first-tier supplier to the automotive industry, Rheinmetall Automotive thanks to its vast capabilities commands foremost positions in the product and component segments air supply, emission control and pumps as well as in the development, manufacture and aftermarket supply of pistons, engine blocks, and plain bearings.

Product engineering and development are conducted in close liaison with the leading car assemblers. Low emissions, reduced fuel consumption, upgraded performance, reliability, quality, and safety - these are forces that drive innovation at Rheinmetall Automotive.

In line with its strategic focus, the Group has three premium brands: Kolbenschmidt, Pierburg und Motorservice and employs a workface of around 11,500 employees at its production locations in Europe, North and South America, Japan, India plus China."
Etisalat,3.5,(230 Reviews),Public,"Abu Dhabi,Abu Dhabi + 11 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Etisalat Group is one of the world’s leading telecom groups in emerging markets. Etisalat’s current market cap is AED 148 billion ($40.3billion). The company’s consolidated net revenues are at AED 52.4 billion & consolidated net profit at AED 8.6 billion in 2018. Its high credit ratings reflect the company’s strong balance sheet & proven long-term performance.
Bhandari Automob...,4.1,(193 Reviews),Private,"Midnapore,West Bengal + 18 more",45 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Bhandari & Sons was incorporated in the early 60’s by Mr. Vijay Singh Bhandari and his brothers in a small business family from a town in West Bengal called Kharagpur. Back then, it was a bustling railway town hugely influenced by the British way of life. This led them to take up a number of dealerships for Kinetic, Philips and Godrej in its early years. They also had railway contracts, among others.

In the year 1999, Bhandari Group moved out of the consumer durables space while it was on top and ventured into Maruti Suzuki dealerships. It was a strategic decision to become a full-time auto dealer and have the entire range from passenger cars to commercial vehicles. Since then the company has grown many folds. It is known for its quality in providing efficient services. The legacy of the dealership continues as a number of professionals have joined the dealership team. In 2001, Sanjay Bhandari took up the dealership of Maruti Suzuki India Ltd. and forged the MSIL-Bhandari bond. Little did he know that more than a decade later, the seeds they had planted at the small city of Kharagpur would grow and blossom into a thriving auto group, with four separate Maruti dealerships offering services in over 20 cities of West Bengal. Starting off selling from its sole dealership in Kharagpur, Bhandari Automobiles took off in the early 2000s. In 2006, the Howrah dealership was born and joined the family.

As the dealership increased its foothold in the rural markets of Bengal, it yearned to enter the great “city of joy”- Kolkata. In 2010, we added the eluded crown and the dealership at Gariahat was born. Through all these changes, including adding new buildings and renovating existing properties to better serve the community, Bhandari Automobiles has maintained its focus on personal relationships. Our newest baby, the dealership at Sreerampore, was added in 2014 and has brought us a great joy as we further penetrate into the lap of West Bengal. With employees who have been with the company for more than a decade and a history that stretches back for decades, Bhandari Automobiles has become a pillar of the community. Though the going hasn't always been easy, Bhandari Automobiles Group's focus on customer service has seen them through thick and thin, and while others have failed, they have flourished. If you've been looking for a dealership that knows what it is to put the customer first, stop by any one of Bhandari Automobiles dealerships or extension outlets and enjoy the world-class machines from Maruti Suzuki’s stable."
LendingKart,3.6,(193 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 21 more",9 years old,201-500 Employees (India),Lendingkart Technologies Private Limited is a fin-tech startup in the working capital space. The company has developed technology tools based on big data analysis which facilitates lenders to evaluate borrower’s creditworthiness and provides other related services.
Arabian Construc...,4.1,(193 Reviews),Private,Beirut + 21 more,56 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Founded in Lebanon in 1967, Arabian Construction Company (ACC) has grown to become one of the Middle East's leading construction contractors.

We specialise in complex and prestigious construction and infrastructure projects.  Our portfolio includes some of the region’s most iconic landmarks, from super high-rise luxury developments, to  five star hotels, hospitals and intricately sophisticated smart buildings.  We have also constructed vital infrastructure and oil& gas projects, including desalination plants, power plants and marine projects.

Our established contacts in the region, a highly skilled and dedicated team, our innovative methods and an exacting standard for completion have earned us a competitive edge well recognized in the industry."
My Home Construc...,4.4,(193 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 9 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are a trusted builder in Hyderabad, India, known for on-time completion and superior quality. We have built over 10.5 million square feet of happy homes and prime commercial properties. 16 iconic addresses stand testimony to our brand's expertise in building gated communities with 16 million square feet under construction and over ten million square feet in the planning stage."
Netmeds.com,3.9,(193 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 42 more",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Netmeds.com is a fully licensed e-pharma portal that offers authenticated prescription and Over the Counter (OTC) medicine along with other health products. Netmeds is the “first-to-market” to offer a pan-India solution for the quick online purchase and fast delivery of prescription medications and has served more than 5.7 million customers in more than 670 cities and towns. The portal offers customers the convenience of ordering health products online via a simple process. A team of qualified pharmacists’ vets the prescription for validity and dosage that assures dispensing only appropriate medication. Through Netmeds, consumers get access to more than 70,000 prescription drugs for chronic and recurring ailments as well as enhanced lifestyle drugs and thousands of non-prescription goods for wellness, health, and personal care."
Tuaman Engineeri...,3.8,(193 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 17 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Incorporated in 2005, Tuaman Engineering Limited is an Engineering, Procurement & Construction (EPC) Organization with Experience in Execution of all types of Engineering, Civil, Structural, Mechanical (Fabrication, Erection of Structures, Pre Engineered Building, Ducting, Pressure Vessels, Storage Tanks, Heat Exchangers, Silos, Installation of Heavy Equipment, Painting, Insulation, NDT Testing, Critical Shut Down Work), Piping, Road Construction, Electrical and Instrumentation, Substation work on EPC basis in Oil & Gas, Chemicals, Railways including Metro, Ferrous & Non Ferrous, Airport, Smart Cities, Building, Power & Energy  Sector on EPC basis. Tuaman Engineering Limited  has wide experience in executing large EPCC projects like Carbon Black Plant, Coal Tar Distillation Unit, Solvent Production Plant, Material Handling System etc"
Shyam Sel & Powe...,4.1,(193 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 14 more",32 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"The Shyam Groupof Industries is one of the front runners in the Iron & Steel sector in the Eastern Region and features amongst the largest manufacturers of Ferro Alloys in the country. The Group has also diversified into several core infrastructure sectors such as power (biomass, waste heat, thermal and hydel), cement, logistics and industrial parks."
Tata ClassEdge,3.9,(193 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 37 more",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Tata Group has over 25 years of international experience in the space of e-learning. It is with this rich experience in digital education that Tata ClassEdge was conceptualized in 2011 with the aim of improving the effectiveness of education systems in India.

Being a research-based organization, we spoke to academicians, influential stakeholders as well as parents and students to identify the challenges in Indian school education. We realized that there were primarily four issues Engaging varied learners in the classroom, lack of personalization in education, Administrative burden of teachers and principals, low parent involvement

While technology solution providers could potentially ease some of these problems, from our experience of 25 years, we have realized that technology alone can never be a solution. Tata ClassEdge believes that teachers are central to the teaching-learning experiences in a classroom and that the role of technology is to empower them, not to make them passive or redundant. Success, therefore, lies in thoughtful pedagogical design and meticulous implementation of technology.

That’s when Tata ClassEdge decided to be a partner to schools in the journey of schooling and help schools apply technology in a way that addresses their specific needs. Thanks to Tata ClassEdge Cosmos, an ecosystem of solutions we’ve developed over the past 5 years, we now have an integrated approach to deal with the various aspects of schooling."
Offshoot Agency,3.6,(193 Reviews),Private,Noida + 11 more,21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A
Powerica,4.1,(193 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 20 more",39 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Powerica Limited, was established in the year 1984 under the dynamic leadership of visionary Mr. Naresh Oberoi. It is also promoted by Bharat Naresh Oberoi and Kharatiram Kharak Puri, who have been involved in the diesel generator set business for several decades. Powerica has evolved to become a leading end-to-end power solution provider in conventional diesel-based, standby and prime power applications. Dynamic growth across verticals has also led Powerica to have a strong footprint in renewable energy projects. Powerica’s power solutions are provided through its expertise in manufacturing, marketing, installation, commissioning, after-sales servicing & maintenance contracts. All auxiliary systems - acoustic enclosures, fuel & exhaust systems and power & control systems that are required for a complete diesel generator set are manufactured in our factories. Since its inception, Powerica formed a strong alliance with Cummins, a global pioneer in engine manufacturing. Powerica executes an estimated 1200 MW power with Cummins Diesel Engines annually with the supply & commissioning of over 7,000 DG Sets. Currently, Powerica markets the complete range of engines manufactured by Cummins from 7.5kVA to 2750kVA in diesel."
Flipkart Health+,4.1,(193 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 20 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"SastaSundar.com is an Innovative Information and Knowledge based web portal that helps people on their path to wellness. We are focused on extending our services to our valuable users with an honest and trustworthy approach, providing them information and knowledge about medicines and healthcare products.

SastaSundar.Com acts as bridge between users and the Independent Licensed Chemists and enable users to place their enquiry/indent. SastaSundar.com is supported by a network of Independent Licensed Chemists (sellers). All communications on SastaSundar.com are being forwarded to the said Independent Licensed Chemists. On confirmation of the same, the orders are fulfilled by the said Independent Licensed Chemist and delivered to users by the said Independent Licensed Chemist. The communication on SastaSundar.com are only in the form of enquiry and indent and are subject to conformity by the said Independent Licensed Chemists."
PureSoftware,3.6,(193 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 5 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"PureSoftware Pvt Ltd. is a software product and services company that focuses on driving a differentiated customer experience, accelerating cycle time and improving business outcomes through an integration of digital solutions, robotic process automation, artificial intelligence, machine learning and IoT. Our solutions leverage next generation disruptive technologies to deliver competitive advantage to your business. Our flagship product ‘Arttha’ – one of the fastest growing financial technology platform – focuses around Digital Banking, Digital Wallets & Core Banking solutions."
MagicPin,2.7,(193 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 13 more",8 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Pin a location on the map to find the coolest people in the neighbourhood and where they hangout - from the hippest cafes to the yummiest dimsums, the trendiest fashion boutique, luxurious spas, health clubs, best discounts on grocery stores and more. Find the buzz in your locality through our user generated pictures, videos, reviews to discover interesting people, places and get cashback/rewards for visiting those places.magicpin drives discovery that leads to business for local retailers across categories like restaurant, fashion, beauty, grocery, spa, yoga, gyms, and more. For their spending, users get rewarded in ‘magicpin points’ that can be used to buy more services and experiences at magicpin partner merchants.The biggest advantage of magicpin's Cashback Programme is that it works at ALL stores in a city, and it doesn't matter whether you pay through cash, credit/debit card or e-wallet - you always get your magicpin points.Our user community, known as 'magicians' are up and about in their city’s neighbourhoods sharing their local experiences through picture stories that inspire other users to have those experiences."
Hinduja Tech,3.7,(193 Reviews),Chennai + 11 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Indian Institute...,4.3,(193 Reviews),Private,"Gandhinagar,Gujarat + 24 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar strives to offer the best undergraduate and graduate education in India with unmatched innovations in curriculum. The institute promotes critical thinking and an appreciation of the interdisciplinary character of knowledge, with an emphasis on the liberal arts, project oriented learning, compulsory courses in design and the life sciences, diversity and globalization. The five-week immersion Foundation Programme for all new undergraduate students was recognized with the World Education Award 2013 by the World Education Summit for innovations in engineering education. Nearly a quarter of its undergraduate students receive study abroad experience during their academic career.  IIT Gandhinagar is committed to promoting excellence in science, technology, as well as the humanities and social sciences and to the development of rounded and nuanced minds.
IIT Gandhinagar was founded in 2008 and is located in Palaj, Gandhinagar, Gujarat on the banks of river Sabarmati. Gandhinagar is in proximity to Ahmedabad which is one of the oldest living cities in India, known both for a rich cultural past as well as state-of-the-art  infrastructure, thriving industries, and many modern amenities. The city is also the hub of prestigious academic and research institutes, such as the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, and the National Institute of Design. Gujarat’s long standing mercantile and business tradition encourages excellence and entrepreneurship.
IIT Gandhinagar offers BTech and MTech programmes in Chemical, Civil, Electrical, Mechanical and Materials Science and Engineering and also offers MSc programmes in Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry and Cognitive Science. It also offers MA programme in Society and Culture. Ph.D. programmes are offered in all the engineering and science disciplines such as Chemical, Biomedical, Civil, Electrical, Mechanical, Computer Science and Materials Science and Engineering, Chemistry, Physics, Mathematics, Earth Science, and Cognitive Sciences. Apart from the graduate programmes in engineering and science, institute also offers PhD in Literature, Philosophy, Psychology, Sociology, political sciences and Social Epidemiology."
Shivam Infocom,3.9,(193 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 27 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Shivam Infocom Pvt. Ltd is a registered telecom networking solution provider company with its headquarter in 185 DSIDC complex Okhla Phase 1 New Delhi. Our company offers services & solutions to address the network lifecycle requirements of Telecom carriers & technology provider. It was established in Year 2000 as Shivam consultants, and was renamed to Shivam infocom Pvt. Ltd in October 2003."
Paper boat,4.1,(193 Reviews),"Bangalore,Karnataka + 41 more",10 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"Hello! We are Hector Beverages. With a ladleful of passion, tempered with honesty, an ounce of creativity & a generous sprinkle of excitement, we started off in 2009. We bring quality drinks, which quench thirst & make taste buds go ‘slurppp’. What we also promise with all our drinks is a magic power. Like Tzinga, our flagship energy drink that students and all-nighter urban animals swore by; Or Paper Boat, which brings a sunny smile and innocent memories, as you sip through these treasured recipes. Any drink can be made to taste good. Or feel nutritious. But how many drinks tell a story? Because when companies get together and dole out a drink to the parched populace, it’s practicality. But when history and geography conspire to make a drink favoured through the ages, that’s destiny."
Arabian Industri...,4.0,(193 Reviews),Private,Muscat + 7 more,32 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Arabian Industries (AI) is a leading EPC Contracting, Manufacturing and Maintenance Company specialized in design, engineering, project construction, fabrication, painting, and testing & maintenance activities across Oil & Gas, Refineries, Petrochemicals and Power Industries.
Having started our journey with a fabrication facility at Rusayl, Sultanate of Oman in the year 1991, we have grown steadily and won many accolades and appreciations. A commitment to the job, quality of work, earnestness to provide total solutions and desire to surpass client expectations helped in achieving “His Majesty Cup Award for the Best Five Factories” in 2008.

We grew from strength to strength by diversifying our business category right from Manufacturing of Process Equipment to executing Service Contracts and EPC Projects.

We are deeply rooted in Oman and are committed towards local development, quality and technology. We are fully dedicated to a culture free from accidents and provide HSE training and quality control to its professionals & skilled workers as safety and quality control is of utmost importance.

We are accredited with relevant ISO certifications and ASME U, U2, S stamps. Committed to providing our Clients with the highest Quality, most cost-effective solutions, whilst creating Customer relationships founded on mutual respect, Professionalism, integrity and a dedication to exceeding Expectations, today we are recognized as a leading EPC Contracting, Manufacturing and Maintenance company in the Region."
GoMechanic,3.6,(193 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 25 more",7 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Car Servicing, Car repairs and Car cleaning - we are your one-stop solution for all things cars.A brainchild of 4 friends - Kushal Karwa, Amit Bhasin, Rishabh Karwa and Nitin Rana, GoMechanic is a network of technology-enabled car service centres, offering a seamless car service experience at the convenience of a tap. With our highly skilled technicians, manufacturer recommended procedures and the promise of genuine spare parts we are your best bet.Stay in the comforts of your home or office and make the most of our complimentary pick-up and drop-in service. Count on us to be your personal car care expert, advisor and car mechanic."
Basicfirst Learn...,3.6,(193 Reviews),Private,"Bengaluru/Bangalore,Karnataka + 24 more",5 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"BasicFirst, is an aptitude based personalized learning platform based on Adaptive Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Science and 100 Years of combined classroom teaching Experience.

A group of seasoned academicians and professionals from IITs and IIMs joined hands to create a platform to offer quality education, guidance & support to help students excel in their academics and competitive exams.

Our Team of Experienced Academic Professionals have mapped out the well-researched course structure to prepare students of classes 6 to 12 for exams of all the boards, including CBSE, ICSE, IGCSE and state boards like Maharashtra, Karnataka, Jharkhand, and Bihar. We also prepare students for competitive exams such as JEE, NEET, AIIMS, NTSE, Olympiads, NDA and Various Scholarship Exams.

With an academic experience ranging from 8 years to 35 years, our faculty members work assiduously to help students in their academic and different career pursuits.

BasicFirst’s vision is to provide excellent academic support to students through its classroom programs and innovative online products to enable success in their academics and competitive exams.

BasicFirst’s mission is to support students in building a strong academic foundation in various subjects so that they excel in the future.

To do this, BasicFirst promotes focused learning, enhances subject competency and knowledge, sharpens communication skills and aptitude, exposes students to various exam scenarios, and help meet academic goals.

BasicFirst also enhances the mental skills of students in multiple disciplines of their choice through workshops and seminars that bring in value-based education via which Indian values are also inculcated in students."
Shangri-la Hotel...,4.4,(193 Reviews),Public,Hong Kong + 17 more,52 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Nestled in the heart of the capital, Shangri-La's - Eros Hotel, New Delhi, is a fine and eminent five-star hotel in the city. Enjoy the hotel's sprawling lawns and timeless architecture, inspired by the work of Edwin Lutyen, one of the greatest British architects of the twentieth century. The hotel is a 30-minute drive from the domestic and international airports and only a few minutes away from the international grounds of Pragati Maidan and majority of the embassies. Savour the robust flavours of Indian street food in the luxurious setting at Mister Chai, our 24-hour tea lounge which has the elements of an Indian tea shop presented in the sophisticated ambience.You will be spoilt for choice with the hotel’s diverse range of food and beverage offerings.Shang Palace, our signature restaurant, offers Sichuan and Cantonese dishes along with the mystical cuisine of Yunnan.Our Italian restaurant, Sorrento, has received the Golden Q certification from Ospitalita Italiana 2016 and is known for its fresh and authentic produce, artisanal pasta, Neapolitan delicacies, wood-fired pizzas and slow-cooked family-style dishes.Tamra, our award-winning multi-cuisine restaurant, takes guests on a journey to discover varied speciality cuisines from Europe, Southeast Asian, Japan and India.End your day with a handcrafted barrel-aged cocktail at our Italian-inspired bar, Grappa, before settling into your spacious room. Well-appointed and luxuriously furnished with modern facilities, the rooms and suites at the hotel feature panoramic views of the city's historic diplomatic district.The hotel is equipped with a 24-hour Business Centre offering private meeting rooms with a focus on comfort and convenience, state-of-the-art technology and impeccable services."
Infra.Market,3.9,(193 Reviews),Private,"Thane,Maharashtra + 30 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Infra.Market is a one-stop solution for all your construction material requirements. From foundation to finish, we provide a variety of building materials and lifestyle products that elevate your interiors. We are one of Asia's fastest-growing construction solution companies transforming the ecosystem through technology.
To know more about us lets knock on our website at https://infra.market/"
Aptiv Components...,4.1,(193 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 10 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Rakuten,3.9,(269 Reviews),Private,"San Mateo,California + 4 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Rakuten Group, Inc. is the largest eCommerce company in Japan, and the third largest eCommerce marketplace company worldwide. Rakuten provides a variety of consumer and business-focused services including e-commerce, e-reading, travel, banking, securities, credit card, e-money, portal and media, online marketing, and professional sports.  

Rakuten India is the Development Centre and key technology hub of the Rakuten Group. We enable our businesses with our depth of knowledge in multiple streams of technology such as Mobile and Web Development, Web Analytics, Platform Development, Backend Engineering, Data Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and much more. 

With dedicated centers of excellence for Mobile Application Development, Data Analytics, Engineering, DevOps, and Information Security, we ensure the success of multiple units of Rakuten Inc."
Pegasystems,3.8,(192 Reviews),Private,"Cambridge,Massachusetts + 3 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Pegasystems is the leader in cloud software for customer engagement and operational excellence. If you’ve driven a car, used a credit card, called a company for service, opened an account, flown on a plane, submitted a claim, or performed countless other everyday tasks, chances are you’ve interacted with Pega. For the past 30 years, our technology – CRM, digital process automation, robotics, AI, and more – has empowered the world’s leading companies to achieve breakthrough results."
Metric Stream In...,3.4,(192 Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 1 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The MetricStream GRC Cloud powers enterprises around the globe, ranging from Fortune 500 and Global 2000 companies to government agencies and international organizations.

MetricStream is the market leader in GRC. Through our enterprise platform and cloud software, we enable enterprises across industries to drive exceptional business performance based on a foundation of good governance, trust, and integrity."
SRMB SRIJAN,3.7,(192 Reviews),"Kolkata,West Bengal + 32 more",72 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"It's SRMB SRIJAN PRIVATE LIMITED, when it comes to reinforcement in India. The company incorporated in the year 1951, a registered brand with all key infrastructural operators in the country. It owns 1 unit in Bengal and 1 in Orissa and planning to set up further integrated plants in neighboring states. The company has an acute understanding of the customers needs, enabling it to consistently deliver state of art products. These ranges from Thermo Mechanically Treated Bars from 8 mm to 50 mm to sectional products like rolled steel extrusion like Beams, Channels, Angles etc. During the years SRMB has emerged as a thriving and strong steel enterprise, due to its diligence and dynamic policy in combating the challenges in present competitive global economy."
Allanasons,3.8,(192 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 20 more,158 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Allana Group is India’s largest exporter of processed food products and agro commodities, including Frozen / Chilled Meat, Processed / Frozen Fruit and Vegetable products, Coffee, Spices and Cereals. We export to the requirements of over 85 countries while maintaining the highest standards of quality in procurement, manufacturing and distribution.

Our world class integrated processing units and cold storages along with state-of-the art machinery have helped us evolve into a multidimensional and multiproduct conglomerate. We ensure all our processes are duly accredited by leading international organizations.

We aim to exceed expectations and have long relationships with all stakeholders."
Indiabulls Real ...,4.4,(192 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 18 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Indiabulls Real Estate stands for excellence and luxury in residential and commercial properties. It was incorporated in 2006 with its focus on construction and development of residential, commercial and SEZ projects across major Indian metros. To grow its footprint internationally, and to give wings to its global ambitions, Indiabulls branched out to London a couple of years ago with some of the most marquee projects in the heart of upscale central London.

It is the company’s mission to deliver value creating spaces, and its endeavours epitomise this philosophy. It has delivered iconic commercial developments of over 3.3 million sq. ft. in Mumbai namely – One Indiabulls Centre & Indiabulls Finance Centre and in the residential segment – Indiabulls Sky, Mumbai and Greens Panvel, apart from delivering projects in Gurugram, Chennai, Madurai, Ahmedabad and Thane.

Indiabulls Real Estate is one of the largest real estate company with a Gross Development Value of INR 32,189 crores, and net worth of INR 7,090 crores as of March 31, 2018 and with 15 on-going projects with total saleable area of 33.91 million sq. ft. under its wing. Further it has commercial development with a leasable area of 3.15 million sq.ft. under construction. Additionally the company has a land bank of 1,046 acres and also possesses 2,588 acres of SEZ land at Nasik, Maharashtra. In July of 2014, Indiabulls Real estate acquired the prime property, 22 Hanover Square in Central London for Rs.1630 Cr."
Suburban Diagnos...,4.0,(192 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",29 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Suburban Diagnostics, established in 1994 has rapidly emerged as one of the most technologically advanced diagnostic centres. Headquartered in Mumbai, with diagnostic centres across the state, present at strategic locations, Suburban Diagnostics is uniquely placed to become the premier diagnostic centre for doctors and customers. Suburban Diagnostics centers are supported by the latest technology and equipments, has a team of 70+ medical specialists who believe in providing service and experience par excellence to our customers. Today, with 100+ centers and serving over 3 million customers, Suburban Diagnostics continues to raise the bar to achieve optimum accuracy and precision, besides constantly endeavoring to propagate wellness and preventive healthcare through series of health check up packages and patient care initiatives. Quality control is an integral part of Suburban Diagnostics wherein continuous evaluation of processes and techniques is done to detect, reduce and correct deficiencies in the entire analytical process. Suburban Diagnostics follows comprehensive Quality System monitored by Biorad (US), CAP (College of American Pathologists), NABL (National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories) & NGSP (National Glycohemoglobin Standardization Program)."
Tejas Networks,4.1,(192 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 14 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tejas Networks is an India-based optical and data networking products company. Tejas designs, develops and sells high-performance and cost-competitive products to telecommunications service providers, internet service providers, utilities, defence and government entities in over 75+ countries. Tejas products utilize a programmable, software-defined hardware™ architecture that provides flexibility, multi-generation support and a seamless software-enabled network transformation to its customers. Tejas is ranked amongst top-10 vendors in the global optical aggregation market."
ThoughtWorks,4.2,(192 Reviews),Private,"Chicago,Illinois + 9 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a leading global technology consultancy that integrates strategy, design, and software engineering to enable enterprises and technology disruptors across the globe to thrive as modern digital businesses.

Ongoing digital disruption is challenging enterprises to keep pace with the accelerating rate of technological change. This is where Thoughtworks can help. We've been at the forefront of technology innovation as a thought leader over the past 28 years.

We leverage our vast experience to improve our clients’ ability to respond to change; utilize data assets to unlock new sources of value; create adaptable technology platforms that move with business strategies; and rapidly design, deliver and evolve exceptional digital products and experiences at scale."
Nous Infosystems,4.0,(192 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 4 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Nous Infosystems (Nous) is a CMMi Level 5 SVC + SSD v1.3, ISO 9001:2015, and ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certified global Information Technology firm providing software solutions across a broad spectrum of industries.Nous was incorporated in 1996 with the mission of providing Global Quality Software Solutions to clients around the world. Major offerings include Digital Transformation, Application Development & Maintenance, Enterprise Application Integration, Product Engineering, Business Intelligence, Independent Testing and Infrastructure Management Services.Recognized as one of the “Fastest Growing SME” in the Silicon Valley of India by Software Technology Parks of India, Nous has facilities spread across USA, UK, Germany, Canada, UAE and India. Our Specialized Business Units are Testree which offers Independent Verification & Validation services and vServe24/7 which offers Remote Infrastructure Managed Services."
Nuance Transcrip...,3.9,(192 Reviews),Private,"Burlington,Massachusetts + 8 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a medical transcription service organization (MTSO), founded in 1999. Nuance Transcription Services has grown into a leading medical transcription service organization. We serve a large array of satisfied customers, hospitals and physician groups, located primarily throughout the United States. At Nuance Transcription Services, we want our employees to succeed, and strive to create a culture in which our workforce can learn and grow. We recognize that our most valuable asset is our human resources, and we continuously strive to attract, motivate, develop and retain high quality people."
Cheil India,3.3,(192 Reviews),Private,Gurugram + 13 more,20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Cheil India is one of the top 5 advertising agency networks in the country and serves as the regional headquarters for Cheil Worldwide in South-West Asia. 

With 700+ employees across 5 offices, Cheil India is one of the fastest-growing communication networks in the region. 

Our world-class capabilities across ATL, Digital, Brand Activation and Retail Marketing ensure that we are one of the few agencies to genuinely provide clients a truly integrated marketing solutions offering. We pride ourselves on the fact that our ideas are always moving the needle for our clients’ brands and our impressive tally of awards is testament to that.

We are a part of Cheil Worldwide, Korea's leading advertising and marketing network."
WayCool Foods an...,3.9,(192 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 20 more",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"WayCool Foods and Products has been set up with the vision of organizing India’s farm-to-fork supply chain, to deliver cleaner, fresher and better produce to consumers, generate higher returns to farmers, and reduce wastage and inefficiency. The company intends to do this by establishing direct links to farmers on the one side and consumers on the other, and by using a combination of physical and information technology to link them efficiently. The company is promoted by investors who are keen to create social impact using market mechanisms. The company’s leadership team comprises veterans with deep experience across several industries, as well as agri-tech experts. The company serves over 50 wholesale clients and is scaling the same up rapidly. WayCool also distributes to 12 retail outlets under the brand, “SunnyBee”."
Aegon Life Insur...,3.8,(192 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 32 more,16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aegon Life is not exactly everywhere you turn. So, what makes us a very special kind of Life Insurance company?

As Aegon, we are present in more than 20 countries in the Americas, Europe and Asia. In the US, we are market leaders, and well known for our iconic skyscraper that is a landmark of the San Francisco skyline. We began operations 173 years ago, and today, we have 30 million customers, more than 29,000 employees and manage investments worth 743 billion Euros.

In India, our partner is a very respected group who know the country like the back of their hand. Times Group, the Company whose flagship newspaper, the Times of India, has been touching the life of almost every Indian in one way or the other.

With a 179 year legacy, TOI today enjoys the support of 25,000 advertisers and millions of readers across the continents."
GKC Projects,4.1,(192 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 22 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Ever since its inception in 1996, GKC has achieved consistent quantum growth year after year along with enhanced customer confidence and satisfaction. GKC has been in the forefront of adopting new technologies & advancements and has honed, over the years, multidisciplinary competencies. GKC today holds a strong pool of highly skilled engineers and state-of-the-art equipment to deliver Infrastructure Projects to Public and Private Sector Clients, in the scheduled Timelines within the specified Quality parameters. GKC is an Infrastructure Associate of choice for several key clients. This preference stems from GKC’s commitment to Ethics & Quality, Timely Delivery and Value Engineering."
FabAlley,4.6,(192 Reviews),"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 37 more",11 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"FabAlley is an Internet-first brand for women's fashion. Started out with providing curated accessories including jewellery, shoes and bags. Offers fast fashion clothing as per latest trends globally and in India. Does marketing with magazines like Cosmo, Grazia and fashion bloggers like High Heels Confidential, POPxo."
Sub-K IMPACT Sol...,4.0,(192 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 64 more,13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sub-K is a digital finance (Fintech) company that offers affordable, accessible and scalable financial and payment services to BoP segment. Sub-K seeks to bridge the digital divide, and create a ‘financially included’ society, through a robust and widespread retail distribution network and in-house Fintech solutions.

Sub-K bridges the financial divide between banks and un/underbanked population by effectively leveraging technology and local entrepreneurship. Sub-K creates a high-tech-high-touch operating infrastructure at the last mile to deliver meaningful financial services through a capital light model and a wide distribution network. Sub-K offers savings, credit, remittance, insurance, G2C and B2C payments as a channel partner for formal financial institutions."
Aliens Group,3.7,(192 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 3 more",19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Aliens Group is a construction and infrastructure company headquartered in Gachibowli, Hyderabad.  Aliens group consists of Aliens Developers, Aliens Infratech and Aliens Infra.  The company was founded by the visionary brother duo - Hari Challa and Venkat Challa and is committed to revolutionizing the urban landscape of Modern India. 

In our endeavour towards achieving the vision of ‘urban revolution’, Aliens group is creating an institution that thrives in a ‘leading by speed’ environment with a passion for growth through customer delight."
NxtWave,4.4,(192 Reviews),"Hyderabad,Telangana + 6 more",3 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Focus Energy,3.5,(191 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 9 more",37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"""Focus Energy Limited is an independent oil and gas exploration & production company holding two blocks in the Indus Basin and Cambay Basin in India. We hold one of the largest acreage positions in the Indus Basin in Rajasthan, India, which is currently our region of prime focus.

We hold two number of Production Sharing Contracts (PSC) with Government of India for exploration and Production of both onshore and offshore oil and gas blocks in India named as """"RJ-ON/6"""", and """"CB-OSN-2004/1""""– encompassing a total area of approximately 4792 Sq. km. Over the years, we have progressed by leaps and miles and acquired in-depth expertise in the field of oil and gas exploration & production.

As a prominent E&P company, we have successfully carried out exploration and development operations in Onshore and Offshore blocks within India which includes seismic acquisition, interpretation, drilling operations, development of fields and currently producing Natural Gas from RJ-ON/6 block in Rajasthan, India."""
Huntsman Interna...,4.3,(191 Reviews),Private,Texas + 21 more,53 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"HUNTSMAN Polyurethanes, India.Huntsman Polyurethanes Team in India is headquartered in Andheri (East), Mumbai with a sales office in Noida, NCR near Delhi. The systems house at Pune has a state-of-the art technical development machine hall as well as blending facilities to enably supply both in bulk and in intermediate bulk containers. Warehouses geographically spread across India make just in time deliveries to customers.Our technical centre located in Andheri (East), Mumbai assists customers with tailor-made technology solutions for their market application needs. The technical team is well supported by our technical development centres in Europe to ensure efficient transferof technology platforms to the Indian market.A well-trained and committed local commercial team works with a solutions approach to the emerging needs of the Indian market."
New Opportunity ...,4.3,(191 Reviews),Private,Navi Mumbai + 75 more,8 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"New Opportunity Consultancy Pvt. Ltd. (NOCPL) is a company registered under the Indian Companies Act, 2013. We are a new generation service provider in the business of promoting financial inclusion. We are Authorized Business Correspondents to multiple Banks and Non-Banking Financial Companies (NBFC’s) in India. New Opportunity is engaged in providing micro loans under the SHG /JLG model, credit linked insurance, individual and group based savings accounts at our member’s doorstep on behalf of our banking partners. We provide financial products and services in a reliable, cost-effective and transparent manner. Our organization’s goal of financial inclusion is incomplete unless we provide or enhance the livelihood opportunities of our customers. To achieve this objective, we give them access to locally suitable and sustainable livelihood skills, while providing them with necessary technical and networking skills aside from Bank credit to bridge this gap. New opportunity consultancy Pvt. Ltd. is promoted by professionals with extensive knowledge and experience in the Banking and MFI industry, with a strong belief in helping shape an inclusive society."
Chettinad Cement...,3.9,(191 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 40 more",61 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Chettinad cement is operating its cement business spanning three generations. Since its establishment in 1962 with a wet process cement plant at Puliyur near Karur, Chettinad cement has been expanding and making itself versatile in the field of cement products. Major supplier of Southern India cement needs, Chettinad Cement supplies the ""glue"" upon which many residential, commercial and engineering projects are built. Chettinad Cement has established its position in the southern market by innovatively aligning its products and services to the needs of cement users. Chettinad Cement's modern, flexible manufacturing plant produces a wide range of cements which can be delivered in bulk using reliable road tanker fleet."
MDC Group of Com...,5.0,(191 Reviews),Private,Muscat + 2 more,11-50 Employees (Global),N/A,N/A
Veeda Clinical R...,4.2,(191 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 3 more",19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Veeda is the leading independent CRO in India. Veeda offers a diverse range of clinical studies including bioequivalence as well as PK, PD and Clinical Endpoint studies for Generics, NCE, and Biopharmaceuticals. Veeda is a partner of choice for many global pharmaceutical companies and is reputed for its best-in-class scientific knowledge, quality, and ethics. Veeda has an exemplary regulatory track record of successfully completing 33 USFDA, 7 ANVISA, 5 WHO, 3 MHRA, 1 AGES, 1 ANSM, 1 MCC, 13 DCGI, and 4 NPRA audits till date."
ESAB,4.2,(191 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 17 more",36 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ESAB is a world leader in the production of welding and cutting equipment and consumables. Our innovative, world-renowned equipment and solutions are developed with input from our customers and built with the expertise and heritage of a global manufacturing leader.

For each discipline, continuous development of methods, materials and know-how is being directed to meet the challenges posed by the diversity of industry sectors we serve. ESAB is organized to deliver efficient, high-productivity solutions to meet customer requirements in a manner that exceeds their expectations no matter the market segment."
EMCO,3.8,(191 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 22 more",59 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"EMCO, established in 1964, has evolved itself into a formidable force in the power sector in India. It is re-energized, re-engineered and raring to go, not only to live up to the dynamic changes and challenges in the domestic and global markets but also to carve a niche of its own in all segments of the power sector. By constructing a compelling technological foundation, backed by consistent in-house R & D support, EMCO is enhancing its product quality and developing new features, thus building new inroads for products & solutions in the global market."
PULSUS HealthTec...,3.4,(191 Reviews),Public,London + 3 more,39 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Pulsus Group is a publisher of scientific, technical, and medical literature. It was formed in 1984, primarily to publish peer-reviewed medical journals. As of 2016, Pulsus published 49 hybrid and full open-access journals, 15 of which had been adopted as the official publications of the related medical societies"
T&M Services con...,3.9,(191 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 41 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We understand that people are the nucleus and their management, motivation , mentoring, monetary rewards and measurement are the key strategic parameters for success of any organization; hence we have built strategies, services, methodologies and networks to offer top of the line quality services to attract and engage a energetic workforce for our  customers to standout in the competitive talent market place.
 

We work as an integrated extended arm for your HR outsourcing  strategies and targets.
 

Our Global Delivery Centre and Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO) centre is at Mumbai with a PAN India Presence to facilitate and deliver our structured and process driven services to our candidates and customers.

Our work and customers has made us amongst the leading & preferred RPO, and HR Outsourcing company in India with a enviable track record.
 
 

Standards & Ethics

T&M  maintains the highest standards of ethical professional conduct. Our operational standards and commitments include :

Integrity 
We shall conduct ourselves in a conscientious manner, in all transactions and deal with people in a professional way.  We encourage and value integrity of our employees towards their work and customers.
Accountability
We shall take ownership for any work that the company has committed itself to and shall ensure that our actions do not affect customer satisfaction. We shall collaborate with one another to meet organizational commitments and take personal responsibility for task accomplishment.
Organizational Pride
All our actions must be governed by a shared understanding of being with the company and we shall have pride in this fact. All people will be called upon to participate in decisions and actions.
Fairness
We shall be fair and equitable in dealing with people and problems.
Learning
We shall foster organizational learning through sharing and innovation. We shall encourage individual efforts for learning and professional enhancement in organizationally relevant directions
Expertise
Our recruitment process goes beyond computer based search, database and advertisements. It includes key personal and confidential contact with candidates, business leaders and network for referrals. Our commitment is to provide our clients a selection of the finest qualified candidates available in the market.  Our consultants are having years of experience in the industry domains they represent.
Confidentiality
Client and candidate confidentiality is assured in all aspects of our assignments. Our search strategy is specific and focused to guarantee the best possible result for each search assignment. We treat our information collated during and after the search assignment concerning the business of our candidates and clients to be strictly confidential.  
Professionalism
Our business is built upon trust and respect in the business place, cultivated over the years by our  practice Business Ethics and professionalism in executing search assignments.  
Multi Location, Multi Project, Multiple Domain Support
We are a multi project multi location organization providing a standard interface to our clients. We can handle multiple search mandates requiring multi-location and multi domain support.
Transparency
Honesty and transparency and caring is fundamental to our relationship with our customers and candidates.  
Best Effort Approach
Assignments are handled with utmost care and on best effort basis to attract the best talent for our customers.
Reference Check are carried out diligently without prejudice."
Self Practice,4.5,(191 Reviews),Kolkata + 73 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Alembic,4.1,(2.2k Reviews),Public,Vadodara + 28 more,116 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),"The legacy of Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited (APL) dates back to over 100 years. Established in 1907 with an objective to develop and revolutionize the Pharmaceutical and Drug industry in the Indian subcontinent, Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited today is one of the leading pharmaceutical companies in India.

The publicly listed entity that manufactures and markets generic pharmaceutical products across the globe has grown by leaps and bounds over the last century.

With an emphasis on innovation and technology, the company has established a state-of-the-art research facility – Alembic Research Centre (ARC)-including formulation research, and 150-bed bioequivalence facility at Vadodara, Gujarat. Additionally, APL has recently invested in ultra-modern R&D center at Hyderabad. APL is one of the leading players in the industry to have invested about 11% of its turnover in R&D."
Orchid Chemicals...,3.9,(308 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 22 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1992 as an export-oriented unit (EOU), Orchid Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (Orchid) is a vertically integrated company spanning the entire pharmaceutical value chain from discovery to delivery with established credentials in research, manufacturing and marketing…"
Mukand,3.8,(302 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 13 more",86 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Incorporated in the year 1937, Mukand Iron & Steel Works Limited, was acquired by the present promoter families, Shri Jamanlal Bajaj and Shri Jeevan Lal Shah, on the behest of Mahatma Gandhi in the year 1939. The Company then operated re-rolling mills and a foundry in Lahore and at Reay Road, Bombay respectively.
The Company was rechristened Mukand Ltd.in the year 1989 and had grown to become a multi division, multi product conglomerate. Today the company’s products reach across the globe feeding a variety of industries.
Mukand Ltd. is a multi division, multi product conglomerate involved in the manufacture of specialty steel long products and heavy machinery.
With manufacturing facilities in Thane, Maharashtra and Hospet, Karnataka, Mukand produces over 400 grades of specially engineered steel to suit stringent customer requirements in sizes ranging from 5 mm to 160mm in the form of bars, bright bars, wire rods and wires.
Mukand’s alloy steel is widely used in the automobile and auto component industry for products such as fasteners, bearing transmissions, crankshaft, steering components, suspension springs, fuel injection equipment, including common rail diesel injection systems, braking systems, drive axle mainly velocity joints, seamless tubes etc..
The Company also exports its stainless steel products to developed and developing countries such as : The United States of America, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Switzerland, United Arab Emirates, Japan, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Vietnam, to mention a few.
Mukand is also in the business of design, manufacture, assembly and commissioning of industrial machinery, heavy duty cranes and bulk material handling equipment. The company under takes execution, supervision and commissioning of industrial and infrastructure projects, manufacture of heavy machinery for process plants in ferrous and non ferrous industries and turnkey projects.
Mukand Ltd is part of the Bajaj Group of companies, one of the most dynamic business groups in India, with Bajaj Auto Ltd being the flagship company of the group. The group has substantial manufacturing and marketing interests in diverse fields including two and three wheel vehicles, home and electric appliances."
Shah Technical C...,3.7,(190 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 41 more",14 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Shah Technical Consultants is technical, scientific and engineering consultancy firm, providing services in the field of a telecommunications network and power infrastructure development and implementations. Besides, the technical installation services, we are also supplying optimized, cost-effective and state of the art network and power solutions to our clients. Some of the services and solutions are mentioned belowSERVICES:1. Technical Consultancy2. Technical Support3. Technical Installations Services4. Radio Access Network Planning & Optimization5. Microwave Links Establishment6. Power Infrastructure Development & Implementations7. Project Management8. Cost Management9. Risk Management10. Resource Management11. Facility Management12. First Line MaintenanceSOLUTIONS: 1. Power Cables (AC/DC)2. Distribution Transformers 3. Diesel Generators4. Rectifiers5. Battery Banks6. Optical fiber7. Microwave Antennas8. Radio Frequency Antennas9. Base Transceiver Stations10. Remote Electric Tilt (RET) 11. Remote Monitoring System(RMS)12. Data and E1 Cables"
Shree Baidyanath...,3.8,(190 Reviews),Private,"Allahabad/Prayagraj,Uttar Pradesh + 26 more",106 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"""Baidyanath publishes a number of books on Ayurveda, some of which are used as text books in Ayurvedic Colleges. """"Ayurved Sar Sangrah"""" a publication containing formulations of Ayurvedic products, is part of the pharmacopoeia, recognized by the Government of India, under the First Schedule of Indian Drug and Cosmetic Act, 1940. 

For encouraging research & development, a quarter of a million rupees is awarded every year for the best work on Ayurveda. We also run an Ayurvedic College, some Charitable Hospitals and Dispensaries throughout India.

Ramesy Pharma is a Baidyanath group company which was founded on 10th June 1963. Its product range consisted of mainly herbal product which were specially designed for ethical promotion in India.

In the year 2004 with the view to the emerging export opportunity, our fire band director and his team developed a range of dietary supplement specifically for the U.S. market to be sold as O.T.C. products. That range was launched in the U.S. under the brand name Age Ayurveda. Age Ayurveda range consists of Dietary Supplements and cosmetics.

Dietary Supplements:

While fully utilizing the traditional and clinical experience of several thousand years of herbal practice. Two ranges of dietary supplements were developed. 

Formulations : 

As traditional systems use very complex formula’s with a variety of ingredients, our approach has been to make formulations with a small group of essential herbs.

Pure Herbs:

Our second range consists of single ingredient products only.

"""
KRBL,3.9,(190 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 18 more",134 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"KRBL, currently among India’s largest integrated rice companies, began its journey way back in 1889 as a producer of agricultural commodities such as wheat, cotton and oil in Lyallpur, Faisalabad, in Pakistan. Post partition, the next generation started business of grains and trading in India starting from Punjab and then moving to the national trading hub of Delhi. Over the years, the Company has evolved into a global leader in Basmati Rice, while also being a major producer of non-basmati rice and milling by products like bran oil, furfural, rice-bran, and de-oiled cakes."
Hashedin By Delo...,4.3,(190 Reviews),Private,"Santa Clara,California + 5 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"HashedIn, a company founded in the year 2010, is a services company focused on building SaaS products and design-led product engineering. Leveraging its SaaS development expertise, HashedIn has been transforming enterprises using its cutting technology by bringing in Multi-tenancy, cloudification, next-gen UI/UX, and modularity. Over the years, HashedIn has built, transformed and launched 200+ products for 150+ customers across the globe. HashedIn offers services with strong expertise in new age digital technologies. We specialize in building innovative software products for enterprises using cloud-native architecture, microservices, and agile processes. Our strength lies in leveraging digital technologies, by integrating applications and thereby providing a seamless, efficient and intelligent platform. Our business accelerators and software engineering process help in deploying digital technologies to create a unifying customer experience. With our reusable components and framework, we help enterprises quicken their product development process and yield competitive advantage and save costs. We act as a strategic partner of our clients understanding business nuances of our projects bringing in solution-oriented approach. HashedIn takes pride in being Strategic Partners with some big names in the industry AWS - An Advanced Consulting Partner with 100+ AWS Certified Engineers SalesForce - We are Salesforce Consulting partner with expertise on their Heroku platform Redis Labs - Official RedisLabs Partners and the only technology service providers from the APAC"
Manhattan Associ...,4.1,(190 Reviews),Private,"Atlanta,Georgia + 1 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"For more than 28 years we have earned a reputation for building technology solutions that solve the most complex business problems in supply chain, inventory and omnichannel."
ExportersIndia,4.8,(190 Reviews),Private,New Delhi,26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Incepted in the year 1997, this portal is owned and managed by weblink .In Pvt Ltd., is one of the leading names in the realm of web design and development and e-commerce solutions. Backed up by an invincible experience and dexterity, weblink.In Pvt Ltd. has provided this portal the much-required exposure to the global business arena. For the same, this portal has become the sure-shot solution for all requirements of the buyers as well as the sellers. ExportersIndia Reviews also impact company growth.

We are committed to providing each of the business entrepreneurs with the utmost exposure to the global market conditions and providing them a platform where they can interact with their respective communities. We intend to be a destination where all the requirements of the business entrepreneur cease.

We endeavor to grant a global status to every business irrespective of how small it is and wherever it is located on the earth’s face. Thus, we enable businesses to have a strong stand against their peers by means of the B2B online interface."
Responsive Indus...,4.7,(190 Reviews),Public,"Thane,Maharashtra + 8 more",31 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"RESPONSIVE INDUSTRIES LTD Is India’s leading manufacturer of Resilient Vinyl flooring, SPC, LVT, and Synthetic Leather. We are veterans in the PVC industry with over 30 years of experience, a 100 Acre facility and exports to over 65 countries worldwide. 
SPC & LVT RANGES: Our latest launch of SPC & LVT planks and tiles flooring called IMPACT® comes in stunning wood and stone patterns to service residences, retail stores, offices and hospitality centres. SPC is a 100% waterproof product, with superior interlocking technology without the need for any adhesive or subfloor. The highly durable and long lasting nature of IMPACT® makes it a popular choice. 
RESILIENT VINYL FLOORING: Our ranges include Homogeneous, Anti-slip Safety, Sports grade, Antistatic and Conductive and Multi-Layered Heterogeneous flooring. We service Healthcare facilities, Sports & Education centres, Safety & Transport segments, Static Control requirments , Retail, Offices and Industrial sectors.  SYNTHETIC LEATHER CLOTH: We have an extensive offering in synthetic leather with over 105 series, 50+ colours and embosses and applications across Upholstery, Automotive, Transport, Footwear and Multipurpose Accessories.

CERTIFICATIONS: Our Vinyl flooring is Floor sScore, ASTM & EN certified. We ensure that all our products are CE marked and ISO certified with ISO 9001, 14001 and 18001 norms."
Hyundai Heavy In...,3.9,(190 Reviews),Public,Ulsan + 19 more,51 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are proud to note that we have not only played a pivotal role in our own nation’s economic development but also have become a responsible global corporate citizen contributing to the sustainable development of the world economy. The key to our success lies in our business philosophy characterized by creative wisdom, positive thinking, and unwavering drive, which took inspiration from the indomitable pioneering spirit of our founder Mr. Chung Ju-yung."
Petrofac Enginee...,3.8,(190 Reviews),Private,London + 10 more,20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Petrofac Limited is a provider of oilfield services to the international oil and gas industry. It is registered in Jersey, with its main corporate office on Jermyn Street, London. It has operational centres in Aberdeen, Sharjah, Woking, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi, Abu Dhabi, Saudi Arabia and Kuala Lumpur"
Dorf Ketal Chemi...,3.9,(190 Reviews),LLC,Houston + 20 more,31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Dorf Ketal, a specialty chemicals manufacturer and services provider with a global presence, offers customers innovative chemical solutions and quick, decisive response to solve the most difficult problems. We have built platform businesses that produce a consistent track record of organic growth. These same businesses have allowed us to leverage strategic acquisitions to further accelerate profitable growth. Dorf Ketal Chemicals is the leader in new chemistries for process chemical solutions in the crude oil refining and petrochemical industries. Chemicals also serves the global fuel additives market with a broad portfolio of products and services and the grease and lubricant market with component additives. Dorf Ketal Speciality Catalysts is the market leader in organic titanate and zirconate technologies. Its Tyzor® catalysts and crosslinkers deliver value across a broad range of markets and applications. Unilink™ and Clearlink™ aromatic and aliphatic chain extenders serve the global polyurethane and Polyurea markets."
Khimji Ramdas,4.1,(190 Reviews),Private,Muscat + 21 more,153 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Established in 1870, Khimji Ramdas LLC (KR) is a leading corporate house in the Sultanate of Oman. KR represents over 600 leading global brands in a wide spectrum of businesses and services, and its diverse activities make it an ever-present aspect of life in Oman.With the diversification of the nation’s economy under the visionary guidance of the late HM Sultan Qaboos bin Said and continuing focus by Sultan Haitham bin Tariq bin Taimour Al Said, the Sultanate of Oman has an ever growing focus on areas such as tourism, heavy industry and minerals, in addition to oil and natural gas, agriculture and fisheries. Khimji Ramdas has been privileged to be able to support and contribute to this focus and is fully committed to supporting His Vision 2040 plan in every way possible.With 150 years of expertise and experience, the company has a deep understanding of Oman’s market dynamics and this, coupled with a sound marketing acumen, a financially secure foundation, a progressive business outlook that is poised to incorporate the 4th Industrial Revolution along with the facilities and network to back all of this, gives Khimji Ramdas a leading edge.Headquartered in Muscat, the company has its commodities and shipping related operations in the UAE as well as a strong presence in India through strategic partnerships with Procter & Gamble, Rolex, Kelloggs and Britannia."
Highway Industri...,4.0,(190 Reviews),Private,"Ludhiana,Punjab + 6 more",52 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A company with an endeavour to improve performance while cutting costs. Thereby delivering high quality, precision engineered automotive parts at competitive prices. Highway Industries have garnered a major share of the global OEM parts market in the vehicle manufacturing segment."
Ozone Overseas,3.8,(190 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 24 more",23 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Evolving from a vision to create high-value customer-centric products that supply to Indian and global markets, Ozone Overseas Pvt Ltd. has become an integral part of the architectural hardware and security segment today.
The organization's commitment to excellence and developing innovative solutions has helped cater to architects, builders, planners, and homeowners across India and the world. 

Over the last two decades, the group has successfully created a footprint that spans across the USA, Germany, Turkey, Italy, UAE, and other countries, besides its home base in India. 

The current portfolio has over 5000 products classified under the following categories:  

1) Glass Fittings 
2) Door Hardware
3) Kitchen & Furniture Fittings
4) Automatic Doors
5) Railing Fittings 
6) Demountable Partitioning Systems 
7) Secureasy: IoT-based products
8) Fingerprint Locks 
9) Digital Safes 

As of 2022, the latest partnership with Kubik Arc sees it expand its footprint in demountable partitioning systems and frames nationally.

Contributing to the Make in India movement with its homegrown solutions, Ozone Overseas Pvt Ltd. has brought consistency in development to major cities across the nation. As part of the next phase, the organization is now focusing on expanding its base to tier 2 and 3 cities by providing end-to-end residential and commercial solutions that strengthen India’s national stance in the global market. 

For more information, visit www.ozone-india.com"
AYN InfoTech,4.8,(190 Reviews),Public,"Bengaluru/Bangalore,Karnataka + 11 more",14 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"AYN Infotech is a leading information technology and business process services company where we accept complex level challenges and convert those into simplified solutions by cognitive computing, automation, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. We are successfully maintaining our wide selection of services, Customer satisfaction, and the after support we provide to our clients. Our experts without fail deliver exceptional results combining creative ideas to build a better future."
Munjal Auto Indu...,3.8,(190 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 9 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Munjal Auto Industries Limited is a diversified engineering group comprising of manufacturing activity in sheet metal and composite, molds, components and assemblies. We manufacture various components and assemblies for industries like automotive, renewable energy, aerospace, defense, space, railways, and other engineering sectors. Some of the key products in automotive sector include two and four wheeler exhaust muffler, fuel tanks, rims, and automotive BIW parts. In renewable sector, we manufacture wind mill blades, molds, and other parts for wind energy."
Sri Sri Tattva,3.7,(190 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 31 more",20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Sri Sri Tattva (Sri Sri Ayurveda) has been established by committed individuals with nearly four decades of experience. With a 360-degree approach including a College of Ayurvedic Science and Research, a state of the art Hospital, inspired Doctors and Therapists, Panchakarma Wellness Centers, Spas and Clinics, Manufacturing facilities driven by technology and stringent control systems and widely growing Franchise and Retail presence, the brand has a holistic approach to health and wellness.VisionSri Sri Tattva comes with a goal of promoting health and wellness to every household. The brand presents a strong commitment to social responsibility and proudly supports the Art of Living foundation’s rural and social welfare projects. Over the years, the goodwill earned is a result of our attention to bringing across safe, effective, high quality and responsible products.How Sri Sri Tattva is different?Modern lifestyles call for any offering to be user friendly, and in that, Sri Sri Tattva ensures maximum touch points across the nation, be it by way of highly experienced Ayurveda Vaidyacharyas, health and Pulse Diagnosis (NadiPariksha) camps, ailment specific as well as rejuvenating treatments at it’s multiple centers.Sri Sri Tattva comes with a goal of promoting health and wellness to every household. We take immense care in maintaining hygiene and safety standards in manufacturing our products right from sourcing of raw material till they reach our end customers. Our frontrunner products like Ojasvita (Health Drink), Sudanta (Herbal) Toothpaste, Cow’s Pure Ghee, Honey, our certified range of Organic Products, and ready to eat snacks are immensely popular and are part of our continued endeavor to present high quality products for wholesome and healthful living.Sri Sri Tattva has developed strong multi dimensional capabilities across the Ayurveda value chain making it a leader in service excellence in the field. There is a major focus towards our rapidly growing retail presence. Through multiple mediums including modern trade, general trade, and our own Sri Sri Tattva franchise stores that enhance the presence of our range across India. Our online stores via website srisritattva.com and mobile application in addition to presence on major E-commerce portals help our digital shoppers buy our products with ease and have them home delivered.The world at large is turning back to traditional and natural systems of wellness and is beginning to rediscover the benefits of Ayurveda in day to day life. Sri Sri Tattva is on an upward curve with the continued support of our loyal customers and a constant aim to provide the best of products to meet the ever increasing needs of our stakeholders through innovation, research and development and presenting them in interesting, palatable formats for our times, for a wider audience."
APL Apollo Tubes...,4.0,(190 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 25 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"APL Apollo Tubes Limited is the largest producer of Electric Resistance Welded (ERW) Steel Pipes and Sections in India, with a capacity to produce 2.5 Million Tonnes per annum. It caters extensively to the region and exports to over 20 countries globally. The company’s vast distribution network is spread across India, with warehouses and branch offices in 29 cities.

APL Apollo believes in pioneering changes to cater to an ever-evolving economy by infusing superior cutting-edge Technology and Innovation.

APL Apollo is today recognized globally as one of the Lowest Cost Manufacturers. This has been achieved by bringing in the Latest Technology, scaling up capacities and optimum utilization of resources.

We are constantly looking at innovating to meet the new requirements of our customers. We are creating new value propositions with the help of the latest technologies and our Consumer-Centric Approach."
Halliburton,3.8,(190 Reviews),Private,"Houston,Texas + 20 more",104 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1919, Halliburton celebrates its 100 years of service as one of the world's largest providers of products and services to the energy industry. With 60,000 employees, representing 140 nationalities in more than 80 countries, the company helps its customers maximize value throughout the lifecycle of the reservoir — from locating hydrocarbons and managing geological data, to drilling and formation evaluation, well construction and completion, and optimizing production throughout the life of the asset. Visit the company’s website at www.halliburton.com."
Birla Cement,4.3,(190 Reviews),Kolkata + 46 more,113 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"The Cement Division of Birla Corporation Limited has 10 plants at seven locations, Satna & Maihar (Madhya Pradesh), Raebareli & Kundanganj (Uttar Pradesh), Chanderia (Rajasthan), Butibori (Maharashtra) and Durgapur (West Bengal). They manufacture varieties of cement like Ordinary Portland Cement (OPC), 43 & 53 grades, Portland Pozzolana Cement (PPC), fly ash-based PPC, Low Alkali Portland Cement, Portland Slag Cement (PSC), Low Heat Cement and Sulphate Resistant Cement.

The cement is marketed under the brand names of MP Birla Cement PERFECT PLUS, SAMRAT ADVANCED, ULTIMATE ULTRA, UNIQUE, SAMRAT, ULTIMATE, CHETAK, PSC, MULTICEM & CONCRECEM, bringing the product under the common brand of M P Birla Cement. The Company has acquired 100% shares of Reliance Cement Company Private Limited (Reliance Cement), a subsidiary of Reliance Infrastructure Limited (RIL). After this acquisition, Reliance Cement has become a wholly-owned material subsidiary of Birla Corporation Limited. 

The entire cement business of RIL has been acquired for an Enterprise Value of Rs. 4,800 crores. This acquisition provides Birla Corporation Limited with the ownership of high-quality assets, taking its total capacity from 10 MTPA to 15.5 MTPA. This merger caused the acquisition of three cement plants from Reliance – An integrated plant at Maihar (Madhya Pradesh), and grinding units at Kundanganj (Uttar Pradesh) & Butibori (Maharashtra) with an aggregated capacity of 5.58 MTPA of cement and 3.30 MTPA of clinker."
Kellton Tech Sol...,3.7,(190 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 8 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Kellton is a globally trusted digital transformation company where innovation meets vision. We thrive on leveraging new technologies and transforming enterprises for a digital future in a breakthrough way. 

From start-ups to Fortune 500 companies, we have provided end-to-end digital solutions to hundreds of clients across multiple business verticals and earned a distinguished position in the ecosystem.

Over the years, we have built a world-class team of 1800+ Kelltonites—the kind that’s competitive in action and agile in thought—to help our clients redefine themselves from the core, scale iteratively, and stay ahead in today’s world of constant disruption.

Our real strength lies in our ability to create technology-agnostic solutions for our clients. We believe that the one-size-fits-all approach can never accommodate our clients' vast choices and preferences, and we are unbiased towards using any technology to solve their business challenges. 

At Kellton, we have committed to delivering personalized, value-driven solutions that help enterprises achieve unprecedented performance and customer delight. We have made significant headway in helping clients shift to the new digital, and we’d love to assist you too. Hire our experts to know how can unlock new business models and drive growth—seamlessly and securely."
Country Club Ind...,3.6,(189 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 22 more",38 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"""CCIL - Country Club India Ltd is one of the fastest growing entertainment and leisure conglomerate in India. A Multi-Million dollar entity and a listed company on BSE (Bombay Stock Exchange), CCIL is a pioneer in the concept of family clubbing in the country. CCIL has established 205 properties of which 50 are owned and 155 are franchised properties. Presently it has 172 plus affiliations plus a global gateway via Country Vacations and RCI affiliation of 4000 resorts for its esteemed members.
CCIL's very first leisure infrastructure project is Country Club Coconut Grove which is over much 100 acre and completely eco friendly project near Tumkur Bangalore. The Project a resultant of a synergy between the core expertise of the founding organization Amrutha Estates and the innovative vision of participatory clubbing; that hinges on community living and holiday homes with clubbing pleasures.
CCIL also forays into the global world with a futuristic project - The proposed Country Club Golf Village is all set to revolutionize the face of the industry, Golf Village is a premium membership concept for the niche lifestyle segment that aspires for the cut above the rest. The concept well accepted by the Non Resident Indians is on a consistent upward swing. Under this project CCIL proposes to build 5 golf courses across the country making golfing a popular phenomenon.
CCIL is Country's biggest chain of Family Clubs recognized by the Limca Book of World Records. Besides prominent citizens from all walks of life, we have around  600 Corporate Members, including Microsoft, Satyam Computers, Brooke Bond Lipton (India) Ltd, CMC Ltd and Dr. Reddy's Labs.
CCIL provides a state-of-the-art Health Club, multi-cuisine restaurants, business centre, swimming pool and other facilities. A unique benefit to members joining"""
Sistema Shyam Te...,4.9,(189 Reviews),Private,Gurugram + 41 more,28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are one of the youngest Corporates in India. Our mantra is to focus on people and up-skill them, as we believe they are our biggest asset. MTS not only recognizes talent, but also provides employees with an exciting, enriching and a challenging environment wherein they can achieve their potential and build lasting careers. We recruit individuals not only on the basis of what they are today but what they can become tomorrow. We see them as leaders, people who will grow within their personal as well as professional space and take MTS towards its bigger goals and a brighter future."
Caresoft Global,3.6,(189 Reviews),Private,"Detroit,Michigan + 6 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"​We are a global engineering technology and solutions company addressing challenges relative to product development, cost optimization, manufacturing and aftermarket for major automotive OEMs, off-highway & commercial vehicles manufacturers and their suppliers.Our award-winning and patented technologies combined with highly evolved processes enable our customers to gain actionable insights that accelerates R&D programs, fuels growth decisions, cuts costs and transforms customer experience."
Can-Pack,4.3,(189 Reviews),Private,"Aurangabad,Maharashtra + 7 more",31 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"CANPACK Group operates in the metal packaging market for over 30years. During this period, has become a leading manufacturer in the beverage packaging industry in Central and Eastern Europe, and constantly strengthens its market position in Western Europe, Asia and Africa. 

CAN-PACK S.A. in Kraków was established in 1992 as a subsidiary of Pol-Am-Pack S.A., founded for the purpose of producing 330 ml aluminum beverage cans and SOT 206 aluminum easy-open ends. The first production line was launched in the beverage can plant in Brzesko in 1994. Currently, CAN-PACK S.A., is the main entity of CANPACK Group and constitutes the center of the Group’s management. 

As a result of continuous investment and installation of equipment at the world-class technological level, the capacity and range of packaging and services offered have increased dynamically. At present the offer of CANPACK Group includes – in addition to beverage packaging – a wide range of welded steel cans for food industry, easy-open ends, aerosol cans, bottle closures, packaging for the chemical and the cosmetic industries, glass and plastic packaging, as well as services related to the production of packaging. 

In the recent years the CANPACK Group has achieved spectacular success, evolving into a modern Capital Group and is now one of the leading manufacturers of metal packaging in the world. The plants of the Group employ nearly 8 000 people worldwide. The installed capacity currently allows to offer approximately 25 billion of beverage cans, around 28 billion pieces of bottle closures, approximately 1 billion of metal containers for the food and the chemical industries, and approximately 700 tons of glass packaging a year."
Aptus Value Hous...,4.4,(189 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 81 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aptus Value Housing Finance India Ltd is a Home Loan Company. Aptus has been formed to primarily address the housing finance needs of self employed, belonging to Low and Middle Income Families primarily from semi urban and rural markets. Despite the vibrant growth of the housing finance sector especially over the past few years, India still has one of the most severe housing shortages today.The majority of India’s population and especially the self employed business segment from semi urban areas lack access to housing finance.

There is thus an urgent need to respond to the needs of this underserved, last mile customers."
ABI SHOWA TECH,3.9,(189 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 8 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ABI Showatech (I) Private Limited was established in 1991 to manufacture Brake Parts, for the US after market. Broadening its capabilities, ABI set up Light Alloy Products, an Aluminium Foundry in 1995 in order to manufacture master cylinder castings. Since 1997 LAP and ABI have been manufacturing and machining turbo charger components on a large scale."
Padget Electroni...,3.6,(189 Reviews),Noida + 3 more,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Wow Momo Foods,3.6,(189 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 23 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Wow! Momo - A brief Wow! Momo is a young & vibrant brand started by 2 young Entrepreneurs from Kolkata at the age of 21, eight years ago. They have literally played with momos to have grown rapidly to become the country's largest chain of momos in terms of volumes, turnovers & Innovations. Their Menu caters to 12 different flavors of momos available in Steamed, Fried & Pan Fried formats largely in white & brown flour variants. They have smartly Innovated & Invented to create Sizzler Momos, MoBurg (Momo Burgers), Tandoori Momos, & a Baked Momo Au'gratin to their credit. To top it all, even their dessert is a 'Chocolate momo. They have not only been trend setters in the momo markets but have actually created a new line into the fast growing Quick Service Restaurant Industry. Moreover, they've successfully built an Indian food brand which dreams of going abroad soon. Wow Momo’s Magic Recipe: - The Idea & its Effective execution! – India’s 1st major chain of Branded Momos. – Started with an Initial Investment of Rs.30,000 with one Kiosk in Kolkata - 2008. – In 8 years : 90 outlets – Kolkata + Delhi + Gurgaon + Noida + Bangalore + Pune + Chennai & Kochi • Their successful business model is a case study for various Multi National Organisations & Business Schools. The format operates out of Kiosks, Food Court Quick Service Outlets, Shop – in Shop Models, and High Street Quick Service Restaurants. The stores are largely Company owned & Company Operated. The brand has managed to build a 'kick ass'​ team who have not only ensured rapid growth but also been able to achieve their profitability targets by successfully serving & satisfying repeated regular customers & patrons across the country."
McNROE,3.9,(189 Reviews),Private,Kolkata + 39 more,37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"McNROE is the fastest growing FMCG companies with a CAGR of approx. 60%. Home to brands WILD STONE, Secret Temptation & Heaven’s Garden- the Company’s current capabilities envisage a diverse Personal Care range comprising of Deodorants, Perfumes, Talcum Powders, Wet wipes and Soaps. McNROE was created by Shri Narendra Kumar Daga with the singular objective to “Improve the Quality of Life.” Tracing its origin to a humble workshop in Bhadrak, Orissa- today, McNROE is amongst the Top 2 deodorant companies in India according to Nielsen AC (Dec 2019). While the Corporate Office is based out of Kolkata, India- the company boasts of an expansive outreach across India, Bangladesh, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka."
JoulestoWatts Bu...,3.1,(189 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 11 more",8 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The shifting paradigms of today’s corporate world demand that businesses reinvent their Digital transformation strategy, Technology Experts with a strategic and proactive Solution management. JoulestoWatts delivers the best talent solutions, business and technology consulting with innovative models that address the industry. JoulestoWatts delivers client-focused, multi-disciplinary solutions to complex challenges and opportunities to achieve tangible and sustainable enterprise value through disciplined execution of tailored business strategies. We apply analytical rigour to uncover insights that lead to smart decisions and use the best technologies and operational processes to bring innovation, growth and value to our clients businesses. Our focus is to engage the best talent in the Industry for client success. we recognise the inherent strengths of each individual and believe in investing in every employee. We believe that heterogeneous talent pool is a critical factor for the success of the organisation and draw upon the strengths of our employees from diverse backgrounds. JoulestoWatts is WeConnect certified organization."
Equiniti,3.5,(189 Reviews),Public,London + 1 more,18 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Equiniti keeps things running smoothly for some of the world's best known brands and public sector organisations. Our activities are often mission-critical to our clients but not core to their organisations. By taking care of these services, we free them to focus on what matters most. 

We also provide services to millions of individuals, helping them manage their company benefits and putting them in control of their shares and pensions like never before.

We exist to create value for our clients and their customers by putting them first, investing in our people, striving for better performance, and developing our expertise."
Mediterranean Sh...,3.9,(189 Reviews),Private,Geneva + 16 more,53 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"MSC is a privately owned global shipping company founded in 1970 by Gianluigi Aponte. As one of the world’s leading container shipping lines with headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland, MSC operates in over 493 offices across more than 155 countries worldwide with over 70,000 employees. With access to an integrated network of road, rail and sea transport resources which stretches across the globe, the company prides itself on delivering global service with local knowledge"
Efftronics Syste...,3.5,(189 Reviews),Private,"Vijayawada,Andhra Pradesh + 18 more",38 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Efftronics Systems Pvt. Ltd. Shall provide Information Technology Products that do Value creation to customers and exceed their expectations in functionality, usability, reliability, performance, availability, adaptability and supportability. For this, the organization shall establish and review Quality Objectives to focus on Domain
expertise and Technology management for building competence."
Global Aluminium,3.9,(189 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad/Secunderabad + 5 more,26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GLOBAL ALUMINIUM PRIVATE LIMITED, a Company incorporated under the erstwhile provisions of Companies Act, 1956, is an ISO 9001-2008 accredited Company, engaged in manufacturing of premium quality Aluminium profiles. It operates 2 advanced automated units strategically located very close to each other at Kallakal Village of Medak district in the state of Telangana. The infrastructure has been set up with the most advanced equipment and 100% power backup facilities. It caters the intricate global needs with an installed capacity of 32,000 TPA with in-house anodizing and powder coating facilities.

Global Aluminium started its journey in the year 1997 with a strong commitment to producing excellent quality Aluminium products with one extrusion press of 1000 Tons capacity. It has gradually expanded and presently operates 9 extrusion presses ranging from 700 to 3000 Tons capacities. It is a well-established company that has carved a niche for itself in successfully manufacturing diverse profiles and has developed an expertise in Aluminium alloys for more than one and a half-decade.

Today, our enterprise is surging ahead purely on the merit of implementing avant-garde technologies and modern practices along with a dedicated and positive attitude team that enhances our product quality. Our strength lies in our ability to focus on every detail while not losing attention to the overall structure."
Synergy Property...,3.8,(189 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 20 more",20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"In 2003 a visionary group of talented professionals joined hands to create a dream that has evolved into a brand that is synonymous with quality, innovation and process. Starting with Project Management Consultancy business, Synergy diversified into Design Services and Design & Build solutions. Such has been the dynamic power of the organization that over the past few years, Synergy has evolved into a company which has pioneered in providing Project Management Consultancy and Design & Build Solutions in the various asset classes such as IT/SEZ/Business Parks, Hotels, Multi-specialty Hospitals, High-end residential and Data centers. Headquartered at Bangalore (India), Synergy follows the philosophy of ‘maximize returns’ for the client by working together, a process which impacts benefits by improving time-to-deliver projects, quality and optimizing costs. Synergy has delivered more than 100 million sq ft of high quality built-up spaces to global clients across Commercial, Retail, Health care, Hospitality and Residential verticals. Team Synergy today, is a network of over 700 professionals from over 7 nationalities and have our operations and offices across India, Middle East and Far East."
Writer Informati...,3.4,(189 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 23 more,36 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),"Information Management is the science of safe, secure and organised retention of data, media and documents such that information contained therein is retrievable ""online"" or physically whenever and wherever needed. Writer Information Management Services - a business division of Writer Corporation has been in operation since 1987. We have grown into India's largest and most comprehensive Information Management Company and one of the fastest growing in Asia.

Our capabilities span the entire lifecycle of your data with Enterprise Content Management services that includes Business Process Services, Secure Storage Services, Cloud and Data Services and Digital Solutions.This has helped us to serve the growing and evolving Information Management needs of over 3000 customers across India. We deliver these solutions on site and off site in our 28+ Information Management centers across 16 locations in India. We have created a capacity of more than 12 million square feet of storage space and more than 750+ seats of Business Processing centres. Each of these facilities boast of the latest fire detection and protection systems ranging from humidity, temperature and dust control, 24/7 security, water hydrant and gas based suppression systems, CCTV surveillance, ISO certified Information security standards etc. which are audited independently.

Our facilities are purpose built to allow you to store and manage documents, servers, data tapes and also secure processing rooms to scan, index and process information. All our facilities are on a Wide Area Network (WAN) with built in Disaster Recovery redundancies (primary and secondary) to enable 'zero' downtime. The facilities are ISO 9001 and ISO 27001 certified, also the Business Process Services and Secure Storage Services have been appraised for SVC 1.3 Level 5 of the CMMI Institute’s Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI). Our certifications are a testimony of our rigorous focus on quality and our passion to deliver world class services to our valuable customers."
Zovian Technolog...,4.9,(189 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 2 more,7 years old,1-10 Employees (India),N/A
Refinitiv,4.1,(189 Reviews),Private,"London,England + 1 more",325 years old,51-200 Employees (India),LSEG is a leading global financial markets infrastructure and data provider. We play a vital social and economic role in the world’s financial system.
Scaler Academy,4.2,(189 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 1 more",4 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Are you a tech professional who wants to accelerate your career? This is a program for engineers to master Problem Solving & System Design and to take their learning to the next level.

1) Structured, industry vetted curriculum
2) Live classes by faculty who have been there, done that
3) Practical experience through real-life projects
4) Regular 1:1 mentorship from industry veterans
5) Career support via a dedicated recruitment team, alumni network, etc.
6) Aspirational peer group of 2,000+ Scaler students & alumni

The curriculum is designed to make you a solid software engineer."
Shakti Pumps,3.8,(189 Reviews),Public,"Dhar,Madhya Pradesh + 28 more",41 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Shakti Pumps is India's largest manufacturer of 100 % stainless steel pumps & energy efficient motors; with a presence over 125 plus countries. Our pumps cover a broad range of applications across an entire gamut of industries such as: domestic & commercial buildings, water treatment & boiler feed, water supply/ service, waste water treatment, cement, steel, mining, textiles, heating,ventilation & air conditioning. The USP that distinguishes us amongst all others is that our pumps deliver 40% more discharge as comparison to any other pump & saves up to 40% electricity. We are also in sync with the country’s vision to make India the renewable energy capital of the world through eco friendly innovations like Shakti Solar Pumps. We always look forward to joining hands with associates who believe in growing from strength to strength."
Treebo Hotels,3.7,(189 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 25 more",8 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Treebo derives its name from ""Bo Tree"", the fig tree under which Gautam Buddha attained enlightenment. The fig tree family - banyan, peepal among others - has inspired not just our name but also what we do.

In many ways these trees were the earliest form of budget hotels, offering shelter to travelers without discriminating between the rich and the poor. We too are obsessed about offering quality accommodation at affordable prices. The soothing shade of these trees allowed several interesting conversations among fellow travelers. While serving our guests dutifully, we too love to strike up a conversation or two with them.

And finally, we also aspire to emulate the vast reach of the banyan tree. With presence in 80+ cities (and counting), we are making sure that we are available to serve wherever your travels take you. With the same obsession for quality. With the same penchant for conversations."
Military Enginee...,4.6,(188 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 49 more",100 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Military Engineer Services is one of the oldest and largest government defense infrastructure development agency in India. It is mainly employed in the engineering and construction for the Indian Armed Forces including the Indian Army, Indian Air Force, Indian Navy, Indian Ordnance Factories, DRDO and the Indian Coast Guard."
Titan Laboratori...,3.8,(188 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 10 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Titan Laboratories Pvt.Ltd. is the one of select few Company in india with dedicated state of art WHO GMP facility for producing high quality Sustained and Modified Release Pellets, DC Granules& Taste Masked Granules. The plant is Located in green belt of mahad industrial zone about 180Kms from mumbai. It is strategically located on well connected Mumbai-Goa Highway.Titan is a speciality Pharmaceutical company engaged in developing and manufacturing Sustained and Modified Release Pellets using Innovative Drug Delivery Technologies Utilizing some of best and latest processing machineries like Fluid Bed Processor with inherent built in rotary unit coupled with Top And Bottom Spray arrangement. This is essential to achieve uniformity and efficiency in layering and/ coating process which in turn will ensure in consistent release characteristics. Facility of Extruder & spheronizer is also available for effective pelletizing selectivity depending upon dose requirements of actives."
Rosenberger Elec...,4.0,(188 Reviews),Private,Tittmoning + 25 more,65 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Rosenberger group, founded in 1958, has more than 10,500 employees globally, with manufacturing footprint in Europe, Asia as well as in North and South America. Rosenberger founded its first subsidiary in India in 2005. Rosenberger ranks world-wide as a leading manufacturer of standard and customer-specific products for indoor and outdoor wireless coverage, and provides end-to-end solutions and services to its customers. The company is known to offer the most advanced technology and highest quality in its products and services."
TNT Express,4.6,(188 Reviews),Private,"Hoofddorp,North Holand + 31 more",77 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"TNT Express is an international courier delivery services company. It is a subsidiary of FedEx, with its headquarters in Hoofddorp, Netherlands."
Servion Global S...,3.9,(188 Reviews),Private,New Jersey + 11 more,28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"For more than 25 years, Servion has been trusted by customer-centric brands for architecting, implementing, and managing Contact Centers and Customer Experience (CX) solutions. 

Servion delivers complete solutions for businesses to innovate in providing digital experiences using the best available technologies while maximizing their existing investments.

Our 1,000 CX professionals apply their passion and deep domain expertise to the entire build-run-optimize solution lifecycle. Servion has helped 600 enterprises across the globe deliver great experiences to their customers, partners, and employees."
ArcGate,3.4,(188 Reviews),Private,"Udaipur,Rajasthan",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Arcgate is a 2000+ people strong ISO9001:2008 certified firm that offers a proven commitment to quality, accuracy, scale, speed and low costs when working on your big data plumbing needs. We make sure that you collect, organize and ingest clean and enriched data into your transaction and analytical databases. Federal Bank, Times Group and Dun & Bradstreet (D&B), rated Arcgate as the Best Emerging SME in India in 2014. Dun & Bradstreet (D&B), the world's leading provider of business information, knowledge and insight, rated founder Kunal Bagla as the Best Young Entrepreneur in India in 2013 and Arcgate as the Best Regional SME - North India in 2013.

Clients include startups funded by investors like Andreessen Horowitz, Founders Fund, Accel, Battery Ventures and Khosla Venture; and industry leaders like eBay, McAfee, Microsoft, Zillow, Thomson Reuters, Network18 and IAC."
Global Edge Soft...,3.6,(188 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 7 more",18 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Headquartered in Bangalore, GlobalEdge Software is a product engineering company that has been in the business of embedded software solutions and technologies for over 15 years. We deliver customized and rigorously-tested solutions in five key industry verticals: Semiconductors, Automotive, Consumer Electronics, Telecommunications, and Industrial Automation.

GlobalEdge provides solutions that enable customers to deliver state-of-the-art technological solutions. Leveraging a variety of platforms from Platform Engineering to Wireless and the Cloud, GlobalEdge has joined forces with the biggest names in global electronics and connectivity to deliver optimum capabilities. Our customers are located in all geographies from North America to Europe and Asia-Pacific, and constitute some of the biggest global Tier 1 players.

GlobalEdge is fully compliant with current global standards in embedded software and Internet of Things. We give our customers the competitive edge, and empower them by providing across-the-board services that include product design and development, testing, validation, and certification."
Honour Lab,3.9,(188 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 8 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Established in 2012, Honour Lab Limited is engaged in the manufacturing of Bulk Drug Intermediates and Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs). However, the company's major thrust area remains developing high-quality intermediates and raw materials that meet competitive demands of the rapidly growing global drug markets. Honour Lab Limited has 6 state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities located in Hyderabad, Visakhapatnam and Pune. The company has been recognized for its sophisticated manufacturing infrastructure, advanced quality control systems, extensive market insights, in-depth R&D expertise and exemplary customer care."
Examity,3.6,(188 Reviews),"Needham,Massachusetts + 3 more",10 years old,201-500 Employees (Global),N/A,"Examity’s focus on flexible solutions, new technology, operational efficiencies, and support has and continues to be, our formula for continuous growth. Today, we service the largest needs in the industry. That said, our philosophy of taking care of our own – partners and employees – is the foundation of our success. 

Examity entered the online proctoring market in 2013. At the time, there were a number of providers already in the space, but each was offering a single-service style solution, e.g. auto proctoring. As we met and connected with the university, certification, licensure, and pre-employment partners, we realized that a new online proctoring approach was required.

We developed our solution to encompass a variety of proctoring styles, from automated through to live. In addition, we heard time and again that test-takers require immediate, and ongoing support, on their schedule. With this in mind, we built our team (now 500 strong, across 4 times zones) to provide students with 24/7 support, through familiar and accessible channels. Since 2013, we are both excited and honored to have experienced more than 50% growth, every year we have been in business. This is a validation of our success."
OptimHire,4.3,(188 Reviews),"Union City,California + 1 more",5 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"A marketplace where businesses can hire ""On-Demand""​, pre-qualified, Remote Developers from anywhere in the world, that are available for as little as “20% of the cost” of domestic developers, through a “virtually risk-free” hiring process.We even provide developers on a three-day free trial to companies, after which time if they are not satisfied, we provide a free replacement. This is reassuring to the Client because the possibility of having to live with a “misfit’ or “wrong hire” has been eliminated."
Pearl Global Ind...,3.7,(188 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 10 more",36 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Pearl Global Industries Ltd. came into existence in 1987 with a vision of becoming global vendor to top fashion retailers in the world. We are one of the few Indian apparel export houses who are listed on Indian Stock Exchange (BSE & NSE). We are the only Indian company which provides multi-country manufacturing, offers multi-products to our customers (woven soft separates, knits, bottoms both denim and non-denim and outerwear). We boast about our strong design and sales infrastructure across continents, vast manufacturing base across India, Bangladesh, Indonesia and Vietnam, raw material sourcing offices out of Hong Kong and Changzhou, China. We are fully committed to quality, corporate social responsibility, sustainability and ethical work practices all the time. We have aggressive modernization and growth plans in each of the country we operate by adding new factories and machineries every year. We are also exploring opportunities in new upcoming manufacturing hubs for setting up factories and expand the production ba"
Thales,4.1,(268 Reviews),Private,"Paris,√éle-de-France + 13 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"It designs and builds electrical systems and provides services for the aerospace, defence, transportation and security markets. The company is headquartered in Paris' business district, La Défense[2] and its stock is listed on the Euronext Paris."
LiquidHub,3.8,(187 Reviews),Private,Wayne + 7 more,22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Private. Industry, IT Consulting. Founded, 2001. Headquarters, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S.. Area served. Worldwide. Number of employees. 3,000 (2016). Parent · Capgemini. Website, www.liquidhub.com. LiquidHub was an American multinational corporation, headquartered in Wayne, Pennsylvania, ... ""LiquidHub Acquires Annik for Analytics"" (PDF)."
Deluxe Entertain...,3.9,(187 Reviews),Private,"Hollywood,Florida + 3 more",108 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Deluxe is the world’s leading video creation to distribution company offering global, end-to-end services and technology. Through unmatched scale, technology and capabilities, Deluxe enables the worldwide market for professionally created video. The world’s leading content creators, broadcasters, OTTs and distributors rely on Deluxe’s experience and expertise. With headquarters in Los Angeles and New York and operations in 38 key media markets worldwide, the company relies on the talents of more than 7,500 of the industry’s premier artists, experts, engineers and innovators."
eNoah iSolution,3.9,(187 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 4 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"eNoah is a reputed global industry leader offering cutting-edge BPO and IT solutions worldwide. We provide best-in-class support services to Fortune 500 companies in the Integrated Health, Insurance, Manufacturing, and Automotive domains. With strong domain focus, our uniquely designed solutions are vertically integrated and delivered through a client-intensive relationship-based global delivery model.

eNoah is ISO 27001-certified and HIPAA compliant. We enjoy repeating business from every one of our clients due to our uncompromising focus on complete client satisfaction. We achieve this through rigorously high standards for team expertise, emphasis on consistent quality, and strict adherence to punctual delivery schedules. eNoah’s mature and established service delivery setup helps clients pilot business and IT processes with a focus on metrics-driven outcomes that exceed customer SLAs."
Creative Synergi...,3.7,(187 Reviews),Private,Okemos (MI) + 1 more,12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Creative Synergies Group is a leading global digital innovation solution provider synergizing deep domain expertise and Next-Gen technologies to 40+ Fortune 500 customers globally. Creative Synergies Group leverages significant experience across industries to deliver convergence of digital engineering, embedded systems and software technologies. The company enables its customers to become leaders in the digital transformation revolution with its unique capabilities in Digital Product Engineering, Embedded Systems, Application Software and Digital Plant / Manufacturing Engineering.
We specialize in smart enablement of connected assets by leveraging leading edge digital technologies including IoT, AR/VR, AI, machine learning and data analytics. This positions us to capitalize on massive Industry 4.0 related opportunities that are projected to contribute over USD 15 trillion by 2030.
We provide our cutting-edge technological solutions and services to the leading global brands in US, Europe and Japan. Working with Creative Synergies Group, you will have the unique opportunity to contribute on the front lines of digital innovation action. Working alongside a talented team of professionals and mentors, you can exercise your collaborative values to yield results transformative results on the technological landscape. At Creative Synergies Group, you will be building a purpose driven career dedicated to reducing global warming, keeping children and society safe and contributing to a sustainable future. 
Creative Synergies Group prioritizes employee well-being and equal opportunities. The brand does not discriminate on the basis of race, caste, gender, sexual orientation, age and physical/mental disability."
Valvoline Cummin...,4.1,(187 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 43 more",25 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"In India, Valvoline Cummins Private Limited is a 50:50 joint venture between Valvoline International Inc. U.S.A and Cummins India Ltd.; India's leading manufacturer of diesel engines and the largest exporter of engineering products – has resulted in Valvoline Cummins Private Limited, that is engaged in the production, distribution and marketing of lubricants, grease and other allied products.

Today, Valvoline Cummins Private Limited is one of India’s fastest growing lubricant companies that manufactures a wide range of fluids, viz., engine oils, gear oils, radiator coolants, brake fluids etc. for engines made by various OEMs, including Tata Motors. The company has a strong team of over 400 employees across the country, more than 450 distributors, 50,000 resellers and 2,000 direct customers.

Valvoline Cummins firmly believes that its growth potential lies in the quality of execution, power to innovate and in its resolve to remain a step ahead of market demands. Its mission as a brand is to leverage real-world insights to provide valuable tools that generate success for its customers and users.

The Virat association is another aspect of Valvoline’s commitment to resonate with its consumers’ ambitions and dreams. Virat epitomizes the same values that Valvoline Cummins stands for – excellence, high performance and consistency."
VIT University,4.3,(187 Reviews),Private,"Vellore,Tamil Nadu + 9 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"VIT was established with the aim of providing quality higher education on par with international standards. It persistently seeks and adopts innovative methods to improve the quality of higher education on a consistent basis.The campus has a cosmopolitan atmosphere with students from all corners of the globe. Experienced and learned teachers are strongly encouraged to nurture the students. The global standards set at VIT in the field of teaching and research spur us on in our relentless pursuit of excellence. In fact, it has become a way of life for us. The highly motivated youngsters on the campus are a constant source of pride. Our Memoranda of Understanding with various international universities are our major strength. They provide for an exchange of students and faculty and encourage joint research projects for the mutual benefit of these universities. Many of our students, who pursue their research projects in foreign universities, bring high quality to their work and esteem to India and have done us proud. With steady steps, we continue our march forward. We look forward to meeting you here at VIT"
Tube Products of...,3.8,(187 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 8 more",68 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Tube Products of India was established in 1955, in collaboration with Tube Products (Old Bury) Limited-UK, as a measure of backward integration with the bicycles plant. In 1959, Tube Investments of India (TII) was formed by merging TI Cycles of India and Tube Products of India.Today, TPI is the most preferred supplier of precision tubes, Electric Resistance Welded (ERW) and Cold Drawn Welded (CDW), to major automotive companies in India and abroad. TPI is India's undisputed market leader in CDW tubes for the Automotive industry. It also has significant market presence in power plants, boiler, textile machinery, general engineering. It is the Market leader in Telescopic Front Fork Inner tubes and Cylinder bore tubes for shock absorber and gas spring applications, Propeller shaft tubes for Automotive segment. Other Speciality products include Rear Axle Tubes, Side Impact Beams, Tie Rods, Drag links, Heavy thick steering shafts and Hydraulic Cylinder tubes."
Bombay Rayon Fas...,3.7,(187 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 12 more",37 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"BRFL is a vertically integrated textile company, engaged in the manufacture of a wide range of fabrics and garments from state of the art production facilities. Apart from being the largest Shirt manufacturer in India, we have successfully evolved into a multi-fiber manufacturing company producing fabrics such as Cotton, Polyester, Tencel, Modal, Lycra, Wool and various blends. Our yarn dyed fabric, printing techniques, finishing, processing, weaving, stitching are a mark of excellence making every piece of fabric perfect. With fabric manufacturing facilities of 100 million meters per annum, garment manufacturing facilities of 60 million pieces per annum, being expanded to 90 million pieces per annum and a strong employee base of around 38,000; BRFL is today one of the most sought after brands in the Indian as well as International fashion markets.

 

Clothing is one of the strongest human desires. A desire to be different. A desire to look beautiful. A desire to be comfortable. A desire to make a statement. A desire that is fulfilled by that perfect piece of fabric called 'BRFL'. Woven with passion, our fabrics speak a story of novelty. BRFL has grown phenomenally and the reason has been our customers. Inspired towards betterment, we now possess the entire knowhow and technology for yarn dyeing, fabric weaving, processing and garment manufacturing. BRFL is one of India’s most dynamic and professionally managed textile groups. No wonder, we are well renowned in the fashion export industry worldwide. With over 200 million meters per annum of fabric manufacturing facilities and over 45 million pieces per annum of garment manufacturing facilities, BRFL is a rapidly growing textile company with over 32,000 employees."
Bharat Instituti...,4.1,(187 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 4 more",22 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Bharat Institutions has been truly reflecting the academic excellence since 1991, when the first brick was laid for the noble cause of imparting quality education to one and all. Thousands of students and parents have been reposing their trust and confidence in our Institutions.

The major strengths of Bharat Institutions are excellent library with thousands of volumes and rare reference books; individual laboratories with modern research facilities for various departments of science, technology and engineering; and campus recruitment by several companies of global reputation.

Above all, I always believe in the adage – Strong mind in a strong body. Hence, equal importance is given to encourage sports and games in Bharat Institutions. Several of our students have registered exemplary records at both state and national level competitions. You are welcome to visit our institutions and explore the vistas of integrated learning and professional advancement. I am sure you will realize that we are always for the best."
Technico Industr...,3.9,(187 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 11 more",53 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Technico, a class-leading manufacturer of high-quality automotive components for more than four decades. Our commitment to outperform through proactive innovation and leading-edge global technology has made us the most trusted ally of many of the world’s leading automakers.Technico manufactures high quality sheet metal parts (Sheet thickness 0.8mm ~ 6mm/Raw material-Ultra high tensile) for Body Parts, Chasis Parts, Axle & Engine Mounting Brackets, BIW parts, Fine Blanking Components and Stampings."
SKH Y-TEC,4.0,(187 Reviews),Private,Becharaji + 12 more,10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SKH Y-TEC India Pvt. Ltd. (SYIPL) is a joint venture between SKH and Y-TEC Corporation of Japan with an equity stake share in 51:49 ratio. Y-TEC Corporation has immense experience in hi-tensile sheet metal components’ design, development and manufacturing. This joint venture brings together SKH’s Indian operational expertise and Y-TEC's technical know-how for providing high tensile metal forming solutions, to ably supply critical chassis and suspension assemblies to Suzuki Motors Gujarat (SMG).

SYIPL is located in Maruti Suzuki Supplier Park, Becharaji, Gujarat and is spread across a total area of 7.8 acres. The plant became fully operational in November 2017 with a total shop floor area of 170,000 sq. ft. and a second phase expansion will add another 90,000 sq. ft. of shop floor area.

SYIPL is equipped with a capacity to service supplies for 500,000 cars per year. SYIPL is equipped with state of the art manufacturing equipment such as fully automated tandem press line with pick-and-place robots for accurate and fast movement of parts from one press to the next. 

This state of the art facility is a clear showcase of our vision at SKH in terms of the levels we intend to take our manufacturing footprint to. SKH is committed to introduce the latest manufacturing technologies to Indian metal forming domain to make its contribution both significant and critical towards the rapidly evolving Indian automotive industry."
Hummingwave Tech...,5.0,(187 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 3 more,10 years old,11-50 Employees (India),N/A
JSW Paints,4.0,(187 Reviews),Mumbai + 45 more,7 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"At JSW Paints, we believe in true beauty not just in looking good, but also in thinking and doing good. That is why we venture beyond the superficial to explore the beauty and potential in everything around us. To get inspired to make our world, our home our community even more beautiful.

Our growing pan-India presence, fully automated manufacturing facilities, and consistent focus on innovation helps us cater to the changing and growing aspirations of our country, with precision and efficiency.

Every Indian athlete of any sporting discipline who has represented India at the Olympic games since 1947 will be offered free painting of their homes by JSW Paints. We are offering the Indian Olympic Athletes its entire portfolio of 1808 water-based colors under this initiative.

We have kept the pledge mechanism hassle-free. In order to avail of this offer, an eligible athlete must call the JSW Paints customer care number 1800-121-5797. A JSW Paints Buddy will then get in touch with them to fulfill this unique promise."
Magic Software,3.8,(187 Reviews),Private,"Laguna Hills,California + 2 more",33 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We work with the world’s leading educational organizations to build, deliver, and support their digital learning products and platforms.
We connect people's personal goals with Magic's vision and mission creating a belief. Magic is your vehicle to help you achieve your personal goals and aspirations - because the company believes similarly.

We partner with educational organizations to help them solve their challenges and achieve their goals by building, supporting, and delivering their digital learning products and platforms."
World Vision,4.3,(186 Reviews),Private,"Monrovia,California + 58 more",73 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"As a global Christian relief, development and advocacy organisation we help children, families and communities overcome poverty and injustice, irrespective of religion, race, ethnicity or gender."
Berkadia,4.3,(186 Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 1 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Berkadia is a leader in the commercial real estate industry, offering a robust suite of services to our multifamily and commercial property clients. Powered by deep relationships and industry-changing technology, our people sell, finance, and service commercial real estate, providing support for the entire life cycle of our clients’ assets. Our unique ownership structure allows us to put our clients’ interests first and create a marketplace that delivers a superior experience."
RSM India,3.3,(186 Reviews),Private,London + 17 more,59 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"RSM Astute Consulting, a firm of experienced professionals across 14 offices with a strong entrepreneurial spirit and a unique client-centered approach. RSM Astute Consulting consistently ranks amongst India’s top 6 accounting and Consulting Groups and is part of the global network of RSM with more than 37,000 people in over 112 countries on hand to serve your needs.

Wherever in the world, your business is going, you need constant access to rapid, relevant answers and a fast-moving team on your side. RSM is one of the world’s leading audit, tax and advisory networks of independently owned and managed professional services firms.

With global reach and local perspective, RSM member firms deliver innovative solutions, helping you see further, adapt faster and grow stronger."
Tata Metaliks,4.0,(186 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 7 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A subsidiary of Tata Steel, Tata Metaliks has its state-of-the-art manufacturing plant at Kharagpur, West Bengal, India which produces the finest quality of pig iron and ductile iron pipes in India. The plant's annual hot metal production capacity is 500,000 tonnes out of which 200,000 tonnes is converted into Ductile Iron (DI) pipes and 300,000 tonnes into pig iron."
BridgeLabz Solut...,4.0,(186 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 8 more",7 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"BridgeLabz is a live Lab environment nurturing Fresh Engineers through Startups for Tech Companies at Zero Cost. Bridgelabz works with Tech Companies to hire fresh engineers and transforms them into industry-ready hard-core developers. Freshers work on live startup ideas at Bridgelabz and join the company as a confident coder in a technology the company chooses. Since it is a live lab environment developing startup Apps, the Tech Companies can engage with even one engineer.

BridgeLabz Vision is to be a platform for seasoned professionals to develop their ideas with senior engineers who aspire to be co-founders. They in turn use the fresh engineers to develop the Apps who become a qualified developer for a job with tech companies. 

BridgeLabz Mission is to fulfill the aspiration of fresh engineers to find jobs, tech companies to have qualified fresh talent, senior engineers to co-found startups & seasoned professionals to develop ideas.BridgeLabz has a unique KNOW THE ENGINEER Programme for Tech Companies at ZERO Commitment to get an exclusive chance to know and connect with the fresh engineers blossoming in BridgeLabz"
Solartis Technol...,3.8,(186 Reviews),LLC,"Manhattan Beach,California + 1 more",19 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"At Solartis, our main goal is to redefine policy administration. With the rise of technologies like blockchain and IoT, insurance is changing. And we want to help you lead the charge and prepare your organization for success.

Solartis believes that lean insurance technology is critical for more robust risk coverage, more security in existing markets, and better reach into new and emerging markets. You’re no longer limited by bulky, inflexible policy administration software. Now, creativity is the limit. From consumer portals, agency and broker systems, and full-blown carrier underwriting platforms, the tech behind your products is rooted in an understanding of your insurance needs, from the ground up.

We’ve serviced clients ranging from innovative startups to established insurers. We’re also industry leaders in challenging the status quo, and we’ve invited hundreds of developers to experiment with our microservices and build products that are faster, more useful, and future-proofed. Solartis Insure has helped companies launch greenfield products in half the time, with lightning-fast performance."
Stovekraft,3.8,(186 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 26 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Stovekraft (ISO 9001:2008 certified) is the largest private limited company in the kitchen appliances industry. Over the years, we have evolved as an organization, creating masterpieces that seamlessly blend sophistication and aesthetics with technology to make even dull household chores in the kitchen a pleasurable experience. The company has the single largest manufacturing facility for kitchen appliances in the country in Bangalore and another manufacturing unit at Baddi, Himachal Pradesh. We are committed to individual safety as well as social welfare and provide equal employment opportunities. Currently, our human capital consists of over 2500 dedicated employees. Our flagship brands, Pigeon and Gilma, each have a unique customer proposition and different go-to-market strategies, and are present across the country. With both our brands, we offer premium kitchen solutions through our wide range of products including pressure cookers, non-stick cookware, gas and induction cook tops, mixer grinders, chimneys and hobs among others. Through our relentless efforts, we have carved a niche for ourselves in the overseas market as well, garnering extensive global presence across Middle East, Kenya, Uganda, Qatar, Sri Lanka, Fiji, Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman and Tanzania. Our prestigious clientele also includes Walmart, Big Lots, and Belk in USA."
Uae Exchange & F...,4.0,(186 Reviews),Private,Abu Dhabi + 62 more,43 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"UAE Exchange is a leading financial services brand established in the United Arab Emirates in 1980. The brand offers a full suite of diversified and innovative financial solutions in money transfer, foreign exchange and payments solutions. The customer-centric ethos combined with a quality-driven approach, constant innovation in products and processes, and the deployment of latest technological advancements sets UAE Exchange apart from its peers. 
UAE Exchange has been globally recognised and awarded for its corporate citizenship, customer service initiatives and business excellence such as Dubai Quality Gold Award, Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum Business Award, Great Place to Work Award, Emiratisation Award, Sheikh Khalifa Excellence Award etc. UAE Exchange has partnered with leading institutions such as Emirates Foundation and Dubai Cares.
UAE Exchange is part of Finablr, a global platform for Payments and Foreign Exchange solutions. With deep regulatory know-how, technology expertise and industry leading partnerships, Finablr companies provide a broad array of tailored and trusted financial solutions for consumers and businesses. With a global reach spanning 170+ countries, Finablr companies processed over 150 million transactions in 2018, managing nearly USD 115 billion for customers."
Net Solutions,4.6,(186 Reviews),Private,"Chandigarh,Haryana",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Net Solutions is a digital experience agency that helps brands leverage design, engineering and analytics to build consumer focused products and platforms.

Established in the year 2000, we are a 270+ people strong, organisation. Our clients include leading brands like Unilever, Microsoft, Harvard Business Review, IMG, Mothercare and Euro Car Parts as well as successful global startups. 

Net Solutions has also been featured in publications of international repute like Wall Street Journal, Economic Times, Hindustan Times, Inc Magazine and Brandon Hall Research."
Rainbow Children...,4.4,(186 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 9 more,24 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We are here because we care for you! Filling your life with the pinkest of health is our dream. At Rainbow Children's Hospitals, we strive to send you home in perfect health as a colorful life welcomes you back.

Children are such special gifts and bring fulfillment in our lives. And they do deserve the special attention. That is why at Rainbow Hospitals, we have committed ourselves to child health care and always love to see them happy & healthy. Since its inception, Rainbow has been pivotal in saving thousands of children. Our inpatient specialities for child care includes Neonatology, Pediatric Intensive Care, Neurology, Gastro Enterology, Nephrology, Hematology and Oncology, Pediatric Surgery, Cardiology and Nutrition. Equipped with state of the art equipments in medical technology and backed by the expertise of our doctors and consults across a range of clinical specialties, we strive towards making you choose us as the ultimate choice whenever you seek excellence in health care for your children. 

Women, especially mothers-to-be need extra care. After all a child needs a healthy mother just as much as mother wants a healthy child! Our team of dedicated doctors and specialized crew make the gynecology department immaculate and coupled with an excellent obstetric team and fetal medicine team, we render the best service to women as we also prepare expecting mothers for childbearing and make it a pleasurable journey throughout. 

We welcome couples with the endeavor to fulfill your wish to have a baby of your own. We aim to provide fertility treatment options of international standards with emphasis on personal care, support, transparency and patient privacy. We try our best to ensure your dream of having your child comes alive with our care"
Talwalkars Bette...,3.8,(186 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 52 more",91 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"In 1932, Mr. Vishnupant Talwalkar opened the doors of Talkwalkars Better Value Fitness Limited, or Talwalkars to the city of Mumbai. Over the years, we’ve pushed boundaries to expand not only our network, but our services too.  Today, we have evolved to become India’s largest chain of health centers with over 150 ultramodern gyms spanning 80 cities across the country and a growing customer base that is currently 200,000 strong. We’ve even crossed the waters to acquire 12 gyms in Sri Lanka. We owe our progress to our customers. And we’re proud to have gained their trust through years of providing expert advice, personalized supervision and a holistic, result-oriented approach to wellness. At Talwalkars, you can choose from a range of health solutions including Gym, Personal Training, Nutrition Counselling, Spa, Yoga, Zumba, Aerobics, Nuform and Reduce."
Gopaljee Dairy F...,3.9,(186 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 27 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Gopaljee Dairy Foods Private Limited is a leader in the field of fresh dairy products in India, we play a vital role in providing high quality dairy products matching international standards. We are ardent believers of the philosophy of serving the needs of customers, and we do so by delivering them with fresh FARM to HOME products. We have successfully transformed the dairy products industry with our superior quality products and honest and ethical work practices. Our company has heavily invested in the State of dairy processing facility and technologically advanced international standards machines and equipments, to ensure that only the best quality high nutritional value products are being offered to our customers. We are renowned in the market for our vast milk collection network, we procure our milk from over 1.5 Lakh farmers from across 1500 Indian villages, on an average we are able to procure 4 Lakh Liters of milk on a daily basis. The milk is procured through our highly advanced collection centers located in Siyana, Gajraula and Pilkuah in Uttar Pradesh (India). Owing to our superior knowledge and years of vast experience in the field, we have become a trusted name in fresh dairy products, and are one of India's esteemed manufacturers and suppliers of milk and milk products like fresh milk, bread spreads, milk powders, milk drinks, curd, lassi, etc."
Casagrand,3.9,(186 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 6 more",19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Casagrand Builder Private Limited is a real estate enterprise committed to building aspirations and delivering value. In the last fifteen years, we have developed over 20 million sqft of prime residential real estate across Chennai, Bengaluru, and Coimbatore. Over 15,000 happy families across 90+ landmark properties stand testimony to our commitment.

In the sixteenth year of our journey, we at Casagrand are all set to progress further forward with projects worth over ₹6500 crores in the pipeline."
Hindustan Syring...,4.1,(186 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 8 more",66 years old,51-200 Employees (India),HMD is India's largest indigenous disposable medical devices manufacturer and also the largest manufacturer of AD syringes worldwide.
L&T Defence,4.1,(186 Reviews),Mumbai + 12 more,13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"L&T Defence is a part of Larsen & Toubro, a multi-billion-dollar Indian multinational engaged in technology, engineering, construction, manufacturing and financial services. It is India's leading private sector company for the development and supply of Defence Equipment and Systems - with over 30 years of experience in the field."
Smollan Group,4.3,(185 Reviews),Private,Johannesburg + 40 more,92 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Smollan is an international retail solutions company delivering growth for clients across five continents by covering every aspect of how a Brand is managed at the point of sale. 

With extensive industry experience, an exceptional human platform and sophisticated systems, Smollan has provided consistent excellence in operational execution to retailers and manufacturers for three generations. 

From a traditional sales agency, founded in South Africa in 1931, Smollan has grown into an international retail solutions company with over 50,000 employees. CEO, David Smollan says, “Companies should think of us as an execution engine for some of the below-the-line ideas they might have. We link up the marketing discipline and the sales discipline in a more horizontal way.”"
Sundaram Auto Co...,4.1,(185 Reviews),Public,"Bhiwadi,Rajasthan + 11 more",43 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sundaram Auto Components Limited is a part of $ 8.5 billion TVS group, started its operations in 1988. Since inception we have grown to a full service provider of injection moulded plastic solutions to the automotive industry.At Sundaram Auto Components Limited, our endeavour is to strive for uncompromising commitment to overall customer satisfaction by meeting stringent quality standards, challenging technical requirements and meeting customer program timelines. We strongly believe that our growth philosophy is - ""being the first choice for all stakeholders"". We achieve this through our passion for automobiles and our continual endeavour in using plastic as a medium to provide innovative solutions to meet the requirements of automobiles. We are able to achieve this through the experience gained over 25 years in developing plastic parts and solutions for automobiles and establishing seamless integration of processes from design, engineering to manufacturing ensuring that best practices are deployed across locations."
VVF,3.9,(185 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 14 more,84 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The erstwhile “The Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company Pvt. Ltd.,” now known as VVF ltd. was founded in 1939 by Godrej Pallonji Joshi in Bombay, India. During the early years, VVF manufactured Vegetable Ghee, commonly known as ‘Vanaspati’ in India. He soon established VVF as one of the earliest domestic manufacturers of Vanaspati. VVF has since come a long way. From being a small industry, it has grown into a national and global leader in the Oleochemicals and Personal Care product segments. Today VVF has three main business verticals, Contract Manufacturing, Consumer Products and Oleochemicals. Head quartered in Mumbai, India, VVF has over 16 operating centres spread across 4 continents, Asia, North America, Europe and Africa."
Su-Kam Power Sys...,4.3,(185 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 40 more",35 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Su-Kam® is India's leading power solutions company. With presence in 90 countries through a channel network of over 40,000 dealers and distributors, Su-Kam® a successful example of 'Make in India'​. The company has always been lauded for its innovative products. From being the first Indian company to make sine wave inverters and first company in the world to make plastic body home UPS to making smart inverters with touchscreen and mobile app, Su-Kam® has many technological breakthroughs to its credit. The company is now emerging as India's top solar solutions company as it has already done 100MW of solar installations across India. Su-Kam® founder, Kunwer Sachdev, turned company’s direction towards solar a decade ago as he foresee a big demand for solar products in India. Su-Kam® has created India’s first hybrid solar UPS for home and touchscreen, wi-fi enabled Solar PCU. One of the most important technovation by Su-Kam® is Solarscopie – one of its kind device which can assess the performance of two solar products (of different brands). Su-Kam® is the only solar power company in India to have a large digital presence. Su-Kam® website, blog and social media work to educate lacs of people about going solar."
AXIS MY INDIA,4.4,(185 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 10 more",25 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Axis My India Ltd. is one of India's leading innovative media houses. With over two decades of robust presence in Mass Media Advertising, Marketing Solutions, Printing Technology, Market Research & Survey and On-Ground Rural Activations. AXIS has been dissolving India's geographical boundaries with a reach that spans 16 Crore households Pan India.

'Axis My India’s' - unique media platform goes beyond traditional means bringing brands and consumers together in the most efficient manner."
MobileComm Techn...,3.9,(185 Reviews),Private,"Richardson,TX + 24 more",21 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"MobileComm Professionals Inc. is a key industry player in the wireless services arena. We utilize our expertise in wireless services to provide quality centric, cost effective solutions to all major Wireless Mobile Operators, Engineering firms, Infrastructure providers and Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM’s).""​ Our ultimate goal is to enhance every subscriber’s call experience"
V-bazaar Retail,3.8,(185 Reviews),Gurgaon + 44 more,7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"“ Daam Kam Fashion Hardam ” is the main motto through which we believe in providing the latest trends to the upwardly mobile Indians at the best possible price.

Based out in Gurugram. V-Bazaar started its operation in May 2016 with its first store in Lakhisarai, Bihar. V-Bazaar currently owns and operates 66 stores spread across in 61 cities and in 6 states with a total retail area of more than 5.5 Lac sq ft."
Theme Engineerin...,3.4,(185 Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 61 more",21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Consultancy Organization deals in Highways, Water Supply, Traffic Transportation, Structures, Bridges, Railways and Urban Infrastructure projects having a strength of more than 500 engineers all over in India."
HealthKart,3.9,(185 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 18 more",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"HealthKart.com is India's largest online health & fitness store for men and women. Shop online from the latest collections of health, fitness and similar products featuring the best brands."
Sgs Tekniks Manu...,3.9,(185 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 7 more,33 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"SGS Tekniks Manufacturing Pvt. Ltd (SGS Tekniks) is a AS 9100, ISO 13485, IATF 16949, ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 certified company for Electronic Design & Manufacturing Services having four manufacturing locations in India along with design & development center at Stuttgart, Germany and Gurgaon, India. The Plants 1 & 2 are located in Gurgaon near the New Delhi International airport, Plant 3 at Baddi (Himachal Pradesh) and Plant 4 & 5 at Bangalore(Karnataka). Established in 1990, headquartered in Gurgaon, Haryana, India, SGS Tekniks has emerged as one of the leading Electronic Manufacturing Services provider to OEMs of Global and Indian brands. Our expertise lies in Electronic Design Services, PCB Assemblies & Box Build Products.

SGS Tekniks is one of the leading Indian EMS company with strong partnership record of servicing customer in India and Europe."
NAFFCO,3.9,(185 Reviews),Private,"Dubai,Dubai + 15 more",32 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"NAFFCO was founded in Dubai, UAE to become the world's leading producer and supplier of life safety solutions. By recognizing the importance and convenience of having easy access to multiple safety services, we became specialized by offering complete solutions under one roof for all types of high quality firefighting equipment, fire protection systems, fire alarms, addressable emergency systems, security systems, custom-made vehicle such as fire trucks, ambulances, mobile hospitals and airport rescue firefighting vehicles (ARFF)."
Bharat Rasayan,4.1,(185 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 11 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Bharat Rasayan Limited is Bharat Group conglomerate’s flagship company. It was a backward integration project to manufacture Technical Grade Pesticides and Intermediates confirming to International Standards.

Within two years, BRL commenced production at its fully equipped plant located in Mokhra village of Rohtak district in Haryana. This plant has a capacity of 5000 MT per annum and also facilities for bulk packaging of formulations.

Another modern and larger plant, spread over 11 hectares in the Chemical Approved Economic Zone at Dahej in Gujarat was set up to manufacture tech grade pesticides, intermediates and bulk formulations. Commissioning of this plant has enhanced BRL’s total annual capacity to 20,000 MT and opened vistas with tie-ups for new products including orders from several MNCs.

Both the units have in-house R&D laboratories to ensure consistent perfection in quality and also to act as pilot plants for new products and formulations. The Ministry of Science & Technology has recognized these testing facilities at BRL.

The Initial Public Issue by BRL in 1993 evinced an overwhelming response. Currently listed on NSE, the company became a major stakeholder in the Tata owned Siris Crop Sciences Ltd. and even acquired it in due course.

Besides earning the status of Export House, the company has been crowned with two prestigious national awards for outstanding performances in exports, from the FIEO and CHEMEXCIL, set up by the Union Ministry of Commerce and Industry.

In addition to ISO 9001:2008 for Quality Management, the professional commitments of high order have earned BRL the rating of ISO 14001:2004 for Environment Management system and also OHS 18001:2007 certification for Occupational Health & Safety norms. The company is also registered with global mercantile data compiler and rating agency Dun & Bradstreet (91-846-1229)

Right from Day-One, BRL has surged ahead to emerge as India’s Numero Uno in agrochemicals industry."
TowerVision Indi...,4.0,(185 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 20 more,17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"TowerVision is a tower management company specializing in the provision of passive infrastructure to the wireless telecommunications industry, which is then shared among multiple operators.TowerVision combines high expertise in roll out, operation and maintenance of Telecom infrastructure. Tower Vision provides plug and play solutions to wireless service providers and other businesses operating communication services"
Vem Technologies,3.8,(185 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 2 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The AviationSpace is an online initiative that compliments the efforts of the Government and other agencies in creating an ecosystem conducive to the growth of Aerospace and Defence industries in India.The AviationSpace Network is an elite community and exclusive online network of Indian Aerospace and Defence Companies that connects the member companies to prospective Customers, Suppliers and Business partners."
Omega Healthcare...,3.7,(185 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 4 more,10k-50k Employees (Global),N/A,N/A,N/A
Richa Global Exp...,3.8,(185 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 7 more",32 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"RICHA GLOBAL EXPORTS PRIVATE LIMITED. Established in 1977, Richa Global has grown into a recognized leader in the international garment industry. Over the past forty years, we have positioned our company as a global organization with a distinctive identity as a dominant presence in the ready made garment export sector with large scale production capacity in woven, knitted and leather garments and accessories. Richa Global is equipped with 16 fully integrated manufacturing units in New Delhi, NCR (National Capitol Region) and Bangalore and has become a favored supplier of high fashion garments to leading customers across the world. Our current US clients include Ann Taylor, Loft, J.Jill, Talbots, Hanna Andersson, American Eagle, Belk Stores, Chicos, J.Crew & Madewell. In Europe we work with Liu.Jo Jeans, Superdry, Esprit, Sainsbury’s, Tory Burch, Hugo Boss, Michael Kors, & Mark & Spencer. Combining the latest technologies with a core roster of competent professionals, Richa Global is setting new benchmarks in the global garment industry. With 12,000 well-trained employees and $ 150 million USD turnover annually in the financial year 2019-20, Richa Global Group upholds the highest standards on a large scale. We leave no stone unturned to achieve the best at all levels of our operations and we work closely with our retail partners to understand their needs and deliver quality products in a timely fashion all over the world. Richa Global is proud to be at the forefront of the industry in complying with governmental laws and regulations while meeting our customer’s requirements. We are a hi-tech, customer-friendly, eco-responsive corporate citizen that is helping to shape a better tomorrow for everyone."
Bajaj Consumer C...,4.1,(185 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 45 more",93 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Bajaj Consumer Care Ltd is part of Bajaj Group which has interests in varied industries including Sugar, Consumer Goods, Power Generation and Infrastructure Development.

Bajaj Consumer Care is the second largest company in the Shishir Bajaj Group of companies. The history of Bajaj Consumer Care dates back to 1953 when Mr. Kamalnayan Bajaj established Bajaj Sevashram to market and sell hair oils and other beauty products.

Bajaj Consumer Care Ltd. is one of the leading player in Hair oil category with brands like Bajaj Almond Drops Hair oil, Bajaj Brahmi Amla Hair Oil, Bajaj Amla Hair oil and Bajaj Jasmine Hair oil. Our flagship Brand Bajaj Almond Drops Hair oil is the No. 1* hair oil in Indian market with Premium positioning and commands one of the highest per unit price in the industry.

It is 897 Crore company and has grown at a very healthy rate over the years. Our growth rate in terms of CAGR and absolute exceeds the category that we operate in, as well as the Industry standards. We have over 454 employees spread across pan India with majority concentration in the Sales and Marketing Function.

The BCCL structure lays great emphasis on people development. We provide our people the opportunity to advance and learn new businesses / processes / skills. Bajaj Consumer Care manufactures and markets other major brands i.e Bajaj Brahmi Amla, Bajaj Amla Shikakai and Bajaj Jasmine Hair Oil and also markets oral care products under the brand name Bajaj Red/Kala Dant Manjan.

The company had acquired the Nomarks Brand, in line with the Vision of the Organization. With this acquisition, we have also ventured in to the 9000 cr Skin Care Category.

At Bajaj Consumer Care, our established distribution network will provide the required strength for future growth in existing as well as new products.
This is supported by the strong brand recall of ‘Bajaj’ both in the rural and urban markets. This also takes into consideration strong management, its experience in the FMCG industry and strong promoter background.

We have also been able to identify our consumer profiles (urban and rural) and continue to improvise our distribution systems in order to have greater reach and vialibility."
Welspun Floorin...,3.8,(185 Reviews),Public,Hyderabad + 15 more,7 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"With a revenue of US$ 3 billion, Welspun Group is a Fortune 500 India company having presence in over 50 countries, with 24,000 employees & over a lac shareholders. Our strong presence across industries including textiles, pipes & plates, infrastructure & steel, we now aim to establish ourselves in the flooring industry. 

With an investment of ₹1200 cr. we are setting up state of the art manufacturing facilities at Hyderabad, one of India’s fastest growing cities. Adding to this, our unique portfolio of products vis-à-vis Carpet Tiles, SPC (Stone Plastic Composite) Tiles, Wall-to-Wall Carpets and Artificial Grass will help us achieve our ambition to become a one-stop flooring solutions provider for India & the world. Needless to say, the project will generate immense employment opportunities for the region."
Zepto,3.9,(185 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 16 more",2 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Neilsoft,3.6,(185 Reviews),Private,Pune + 5 more,30 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Neilsoft is a specialist engineering services & solutions company servicing clients across a range of engineering segments helping improve their engineering efficiency, support their global footprint and improve their competitiveness. Leveraging technology, domain knowledge, & our robust work planning methodology to ensure an effective global delivery model for engineering services projects, we have emerged as a partner-of-choice for leading international companies. Our engineering teams seamlessly integrate into our client's in-house engineering / product development team & environment and act as a virtual extension of their engineering enterprise. The company is headquartered in Pune (India), which is considered the “Engineering valley of India” and services clients across USA, Europe, Middle East, Asia-Pacific and India through it’s local offices.

Neilsoft's world-class infrastructure takes into consideration various factors that are critical towards building a long-term relationship with our international engineering clients including: Data security & confidentiality / IP protection, reliability & availability to support the huge data transfer needs, communications & collaboration systems, security processes & procedures, back-up systems & facilities (for power, internet access, data, etc.), and ability to scale operations in a short duration."
Allianz,4.3,(1.2k Reviews),Private,Munich + 10 more,133 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Founded in 1890 in Berlin, Allianz Group is a global leader and employer in insurance and financial services in more than 70 countries worldwide. With Allianz SE as headquarters, our many different insurance and financial service companies are present on all continents. Further high quality services are offered globally by Allianz Asset Management (Allianz Global Investors & PIMCO), Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty (corporate and specialty risks), Allianz Technology, Euler Hermes (credit insurance) and Allianz Partners (assistance services).Allianz is the HOME for those who DARE – a supportive place where you can take the initiative to grow and to actively strengthen our global leadership position. By truly caring about people – both its 85 million private and corporate customers and more than 142,000 employees – Allianz fosters a culture where its employees are empowered to collaborate, perform, embrace trends and challenge the industry. Our main ambition is to be our customers’ trusted partner, instilling them with the confidence to grow."
Mitsui O.S.K. Li...,4.1,(328 Reviews),Private,"Toranomon,Tokyo + 8 more",139 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (MOL), as a full-line marine transport company, contributes to providing better lives for people around the world by engaging in the transport of goods indispensable for everyday life, ranging from daily necessities such as food, clothing, household furniture and electronic appliances to energy resources such as oil and natural gas."
CESC,3.8,(184 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 12 more",124 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"CESC is India’s first fully integrated electrical utility company and we’ve been on an epic ride ever since 1899 in generating and distributing power in Kolkata and Howrah.

We have private participation in generation, transmission and distribution of electrical power. We are the sole distributor of electricity within an area of 567sq km of Kolkata & Howrah and serve 2.9 million consumers which include domestic, industrial and commercial users. We own & operate three thermal power plants generating 1125 MW of power. These are Budge Budge Generating Station (750 MW), Southern Generating Station (135 MW), & Titagarh Generating Station (240 MW) . From our three generating stations, we accomplish 88% of our customer’s electricity requirement and remaining 12% is achieved by purchase of electricity from third parties. More than 50% of coal is sourced from captive mines for generation of electricity in our generating stations."
Halonix Technolo...,4.2,(184 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 31 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Halonix Technologies Pvt. Ltd. is amongst India’s fastest growing residential and institutional lighting companies. The success of Halonix lies in its unparalleled ability to develop, test and deploy lighting solutions that are relevant to Indian conditions. Thanks to its focus on innovation and quality control, the brand is widely accepted across India by consumers and trade alike. Halonix is a progressive, environment-friendly lighting company. It is abreast of emerging technologies like LED and CFL and offers a wide range of products across LED, CFL, Luminaires, Home decorative lighting, Halogens and High-intensity discharge lamps. As a brand that stands for ‘The Right Light’, Halonix continues to push the boundaries to develop better solutions acrossThe spectrum of home and commercial lighting."
Par Formulations,4.3,(184 Reviews),Private,New York + 5 more,11 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Par Formulations' facility located in Kelambakkam, Chennai was acquired in 2012 and is a 100% export oriented pharmaceutical facility. As a state-of-the art site with six manufacturing suites and a well-trained workforce, Par Formulations' facility in Chennai has the ability to deliver over a billion tablets/capsules and 50 tons of dry powder per year.We focus on developing processes that are safe, reproducible and commercially viable. We see a project through from the pre-clinical phases through commercial supply.Par Formulations' Corporate Office and R&D Centre, established in 2018, is located at Digha - Airoli, Navi Mumbai and supports product development for Par Pharmaceutical in the U.S.Par Formulations' Stability Lab, established in 2017, is located at Rabale, Navi Mumbai."
Pole To Win,3.6,(184 Reviews),Private,Los Angeles + 2 more,29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We support our people, and create strong relationships founded on mutual respect. For us, team spirit means sharing knowledge, advice, inspiration and different perspectives. It’s what makes people want to work with us, and stay with our company as they grow. Because when you love what you do, it no longer feels like a job.
For over 20 years, we have delivered great results for our clients. Our main aim is to advance their business, and enhance their customers’ satisfaction. We’re dedicated to helping every client develop the best products and consumer experiences possible. And because we believe in partnerships and collaboration, the journey is shared and the successes are too.
We create unique solutions for our clients. Solutions that are brimming with ideas, backed up by effective problem solving for even the most challenging requirements. We also deliver our services in a unique way – combining a truly global service, with the personal touch of a smaller business. Big meets small, in the best way possible."
Onkar Infotech,4.3,(184 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Onkar Infotech, was founded in the year 2000 and in less than a decade has grown to become a leading travel call centre / BPO managing end to end business processes outsourced from its clients based out of its principal target market - the UK. Onkar Infotech's core competence lies in successfully handling air travel business processes including air reservations, hotel reservations, car rentals, travel insurance, holiday packages etc outsourced from reputed travel houses in the UK. Apart from handling consumer-travel based business processes, Onkar Infotech has also endeavored and proved highly successful in managing end to end corporate-travel projects outsourced from reputed travel management companies. Onkar Infotech aims to provide its clients with the finest travel process management services with superlative customer service. With extensive travel industry experience, a brand new and highly impressive 24x7 customer contact centre, in-house training and development team and talented human resources, Onkar Infotech seeks to deliver a high degree of customer satisfaction on every interaction with leisure and business customers of our clients."
Checkmate Servic...,4.1,(184 Reviews),Private,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujrat + 46 more",31 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Checkmate Services Pvt Ltd (CSPL), the flagship company of the Checkmate group, was established in 1985 by Vikram Mahurkar (“the Founder”) as a partnership firm in Vadodara (Gujarat), and was reconstituted as a private limited company in 1992.  
Checkmate Group provides 360 degree Security Solutions, Specialised Training, Security audit, Bullion and Cash Management Services, Facility Management Services and also have one of reputed institute for Fire and Safety Training. Checkmate Group has its operations in 29 states of India with 64 offices covering all the cities of India.
To provide this diversified portfolio of security-related products under one brand, Checkmate, different entities have been created, as each has its own set of regulatory and business requirement."
Infinx Healthcar...,3.7,(184 Reviews),San Jose + 6 more,11 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Infinx has a long history of satisfying customers and creating great solutions. We create intelligent payment lifecycle solutions for healthcare providers. From our artificial intelligence-driven Prior Authorization Software, which streamlines preauthorization workflows for hospitals, clinics, imaging centers, and laboratories to revenue cycle management solutions for various specialties, we focus on increasing revenue and improving patient satisfaction for our customers.

Every customer is a partner in our business. With an experienced team dedicated to solving reimbursement bottlenecks in the healthcare industry, we collaborate with the best and brightest to create innovative and scalable solutions that improve your bottom line. We look forward to helping you."
MIOT INTERNATION...,3.7,(184 Reviews),"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 5 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"MIOT International, a quaternary care multispecialty hospital offers the best in health care to patients who have come to trust the hospital as one of India’s best.  

A 1000-bed facility, with 250 full-time doctors offering superlative treatment in 63 Specialities, MIOT proudly lays claim to a team of world-class professionals who use our state-of-the-art infrastructure and cutting-edge technology to heal and give hope to our patients. Consistently adjudged as a leader in healthcare, MIOT International attracts patients from 130 countries who seek our expertise in moving towards wellness.

MIOT International offers end-to-end care - diagnosis to treatment to rehabilitation, including emergency and critical care – all under one roof. Committed to its mission “Putting Patients First” MIOT offers the highest standards in patient safety and quality of service through the practice of evidence-based medicine under expert and caring hands, using the latest advances that medical science has to offer on par with International standards."
Thyssenkrupp Ind...,4.2,(184 Reviews),Essen + 12 more,164 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"The thyssenkrupp Industrial Solutions business area is a leading partner for the engineering, construction and service of all industrial plants and systems. In collaboration with our customers we develop top-quality solutions and deliver efficiency, reliability and sustainability over the entire life cycle. Our global network enables us to supply turnkey plants worldwide that set benchmarks in terms of value added and resource-friendly technologies."
Anand Rathi Glob...,3.6,(184 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 34 more,41 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Anand Rathi Global Finance Limited is a financial services company registered with Reserve Bank of India as a non-banking finance company (NBFC) and classified as a Loan Company that is categorized as 'Systemically Important Non-Deposit taking Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC-ND-SI).

The Company is engaged in the business of lending and offers products such as Lending to SME sector, LAP, Construction Finance, Loan against Securities, etc."
GMR Energy,4.5,(184 Reviews),Public,"Delhi,NCT + 22 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GMR Energy is a part of GMR Group, which is one of the largest diversified Infrastructure Conglomerates in India. With an operating capacity of over 4400 MW, it has a balanced fuel mix of coal, gas, LSHS as well as renewable sources of wind and solar energy. Apart from this, plants of over 2300 MW generation capacity are under various stages of development in India and Nepal."
Danone Nutricia,3.6,(184 Reviews),Private,Barcelona + 38 more,127 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Founded in 1896, Danone Nutricia works with parents, carers and healthcare professionals to educate about early life nutrition through advice and support, as well as products and services. For over 100 years Danone Nutricia has been at the forefront of research in infant nutrition and our pioneering efforts continue today. At the heart of our work is our commitment to stand by mums, dads, and caregivers to nurture new lives through science-driven research and development, as well as quality manufacturing."
Rapido,4.0,(184 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 40 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Rapido is a bike taxi service spread widely across all of India from Tier 1 to Tier 3 cities. The app allows you to book bike taxis with minimum wait time, maximum safety and is super easy on your pockets."
Torrent Gas,3.2,(184 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 24 more",5 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ORRENT GAS, promoted by the Rs. 18,000 crore+ Torrent Group, one of the leading brands in India is committed to its mission of transforming life by serving two of the most critical needs - healthcare and power. Torrent has recently forayed into City Gas Distribution business to meet another critical need and has aggressive plans to expand into the states of Gujarat, Rajasthan, UP, Telangana, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra and Punjab."
Amara Raja Power...,4.0,(184 Reviews),"Tirupati,Andhra Pradesh + 26 more",38 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"Amara Raja Power System Limited (ARPSL), part of a $400 million conglomerate is one of the India’s largest manufacturers of power control equipments. This ISO 9001 company with a reputation for trustworthiness and reliable power electronic products gives maximum value to the consumer. The customers ranging from Africa and Middle East to south East Asia ratify the international satisfaction that the company has been able to deliver.ARPSL is a pioneer in design and manufacture of Power Electronics & Electrical Transmission and Distribution Products supplied in India and to the other parts of the world. The company has technical collaborations with industry leaders M/s HDR Power Systems Inc USA for Thyristor based chargers and with M/s Rectifier Technologies, Australia for the Switch Mode Power Supplies. Efforts have been taken to fully absorb and indigenize the technologies."
Vision India Ser...,3.7,(183 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 51 more,15 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Vision India is a Transformational Human Capital Organization offering customized People and Process solutions in the domain of Staffing, Business Process Outsourcing (Rural) and advisory services to partner organizations in enabling performance & Enhancing Potential. Our role as trusted partner translates into our core capability – Building Careers and Building Organizations through our unique offerings and innovative ideas. We firmly believe in the ideology of “Enabling Performance & Enhancing Potential”"
CBSL,3.6,(183 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 42 more,73 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in the year 1950, under the name of Khurana Brothers by its Emeritus Chairman and founder Mr. V. P. Khurana, CBSL group has today expanded its offerings ranging in varied interests and represented by its 5 associated companies. From being a new kid on the block by making a modest start with manufacturing of Loose-Leaf Binders, CBSL later diversified its activities in the highly technological field of Security Printing, Document Imaging, Banking Equipment & Services, Plastic and Stationery Products. And the key principles on which CBSL has based its business practices over the last 50 years that has made it successfully traverse into higher realms have been Focus on Customer, Transparency is the key, Innovation for growth, Build trust And most importantly build strong lasting relationships.

The growth of CBSL is laid on the foundation built by strong infrastructure, sound financial base and empowering people at the grass-root level. Further, to continually adapt and cater to the varying needs of our customers we constantly strive to improve the quality and reliability of our Products/Services."
Watertec India,4.4,(183 Reviews),Private,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 43 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"WaterTec is a Premium Bath Fittings and Accessories brand that is best known for its durable, highly functional, and quality products. Revolutionizing the range of products with its high-quality virgin grade Engineering Polymer, products are built to suit your taste and senses. 

Designed to perfection, Engineered for high utility, and Made to last long, WaterTec is a perfect blend of technology and design that cost-effectively transforms your Bathrooms into Living spaces. We offer a comprehensive range of products viz. Taps, Showers, Valves, Mixers, Faucets, Bathroom Accessories & Connection Hoses. 

Our elegant bathroom fittings can suit any décor and integrate well with the modern concepts of building construction"
Urban Ladder,4.0,(183 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 21 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"In 2012, we started Urban Ladder with a vision - to make a million homes beautiful.
Back then, our catalogue featured just 35 designs. Yet, when our customers shared
photographs of their homes, we saw they were remarkably distinct. The same table, the same chair was used differently by different people. This told us something. People want their homes to be unique. We also realized that people are a lot happier creating things than they are buying things. We are a creative, imaginative, expressive species. And our homes are just one of the many canvases we have at our disposal.

Today, we understand that we’re here not just to sell well-designed products. We’re
here to help you create spaces that mirror who you are. At Urban Ladder, we want you to discover the joy of creating. Starting with your home. We want you to think of the setting up of a space as an energizing, creative pursuit. To breathe life into empty rooms with your ideas. To take a few square feet of nothing, and transform it into something beautiful."
Cochin Shipyard,4.2,(183 Reviews),Private,"Ernakulam,Kerala + 6 more",51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Cochin Shipyard was incorporated in the year 1972 as a fully owned Govt of India company. In the last three decades the company has emerged as a forerunner in the Indian Shipbuilding & Shiprepair industry. This yard can build and repair the largest vessels in India. It can build ships upto 1,10,000 DWT and repair ships upto 1,25,000 DWT. The yard has delivered two of India’s largest double hull Aframax tankers each of 95,000 DWT . CSL has secured shipbuilding orders from internationally renowned companies from Europe & Middle East and is nominated to build the country’s first indigenous Air Defense Ship. Shipyard commenced ship repair operations in the year 1982 and has undertaken repairs of all types of ships including upgradation of ships of oil exploration industry as well as periodical lay up repairs and life extension of ships of Navy, UTL, Coast Guard, Fisheries and Port Trust besides merchant ships of SCI & ONGC. The yard has, overthe years, developed adequate capabilities to handle complex and sophisticated repair jobs. The Shipyard also trains graduate engineers to marine engineers who later join ships both Indian and foreign as 5th Engineers. 100 are trained every year."
Manipal Technolo...,3.6,(183 Reviews),Private,"Manipal,Karnataka + 20 more",82 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Manipal Technologies Limited(MTL), based in Manipal was started in 1941 as Manipal Power Press offering print services to Banks. Over the years MTL has grown as end to end secure print service provider offering varied services such as security printing, variable data printing, digital printing, book printing, pre media services, banking cards, smart cards, card management services, outsourced print management services, smart cards, packaging solutions, payment system, examination solutions etc. and is specialised in offering solutions to banking, publishing, government, telecom, retail, pharma, FMCG etc. MTL is now serving customers across the globe and is having units in all metro cities in India, Kenya, Nigeria and Germany."
Trivium Educatio...,3.7,(183 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 7 more",13 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Trivium is a process outsourcing company focused on the Education Vertical.Trivium was founded in 2010 by the Master franchisee of The Princeton Review In India. Trivium offers services in assessment development, eTutoring, hand grading and content support to education companies globally. Our key markets currently are the US,UK and India."
Oberoi Realty,3.7,(183 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 5 more",43 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Their impact on life is all-encompassing, be it the comfort of a home, efficiency in the office, recreation, shopping or space to learn and grow. At Oberoi Realty it is a constant quest and an abiding commitment to ensure that the relationship between these spaces and the lives ensconced in or around, feel truly enriched - enhanced by understanding what a discerning lifestyle demands. Enhancing lives is almost a cultural constant, a lens through which we envision our every project and each minute detail in it - we are committed to ensure that the experience is rewarding.

Mumbai, the ever-evolving and reverberating city, is in a constant quest for spaces that can not only accommodate but also build efficiencies for its everyday flight of ambition and purpose-led growth. In the Eighties, the city witnessed a dramatic and paradigm shift in its equilibrium from the southern island towards the suburbs. New enterprises, office spaces and the highly-educated, upwardly mobile, 'red- blooded' rich demanded world-class living spaces in the emerging areas of Mumbai. It is in this backdrop that Oberoi Realty took its roots, over three decades ago with a view to redefine living - delivering the cutting-edge with best global parameters to match or surpass."
Vision India Ser...,3.7,(183 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 51 more,15 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Vision India is a Transformational Human Capital Organization offering customized People and Process solutions in the domain of Staffing, Business Process Outsourcing (Rural) and advisory services to partner organizations in enabling performance & Enhancing Potential. Our role as trusted partner translates into our core capability – Building Careers and Building Organizations through our unique offerings and innovative ideas. We firmly believe in the ideology of “Enabling Performance & Enhancing Potential”"
Imarque Solution...,3.3,(183 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 8 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Started operation on 2004 with 25 employees, Currently iMarque having 1500+ Employees with 40% average growth on every year.iMarque Providing following services to client.1. Medical Billing End to End2. Document Management Solutions3. Data Processing (More than 700 Agents for 24 x 7)4. Call Center (Inbound,Outbound,Domestic and International, 24 x 7 Operations)5. Market Research6. Data Mining7. Accounting Services8. Field Services (Document Collection, KYC Verification, Field Sales)9. Online/Offline Data Entry10. Field Survey"
Delhi Duty Free ...,4.2,(183 Reviews),Partnership,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 3 more",13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The company Delhi Duty Free Services Pvt Ltd is India’s largest duty free retail space at T3, IGI Airport, the 6th largest single terminal building in terms of floor area in the world. Delhi Duty Free Services Pvt. Ltd. (DDFS) is a joint venture company between DIAL (Delhi International Airport Limited), Yalorvin Limited is a subsidiary of Aer Rianta International cpt. (ARI) and GMR Airports Limited."
Radiant Cash Man...,3.6,(183 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 39 more",18 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Radiant Cash Management Services (RCMS), a subsidiary of the Radiant Group, was founded in June 2005 by Col. David Devasahayam. The business of moving large amounts of cash has changed drastically with evolving times and technology. There has been a definite increase in the risk factor, but at the same time, the innovation in security based technology has also increased, thereby levelling the ground. Serving as a connecting point between the banks and their trusted clients, we have streamlined the cash management process and developed specific services based on the needs of our clients. The unique point of our service is embedded in our very roots. Stemming from a bond in the armed services, RCMS is run in large part by high ranking retired personnel from the armed and security forces. Hence, a high level of discipline, orderliness and trustworthiness runs through the company."
CBSL,3.6,(183 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 42 more,73 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in the year 1950, under the name of Khurana Brothers by its Emeritus Chairman and founder Mr. V. P. Khurana, CBSL group has today expanded its offerings ranging in varied interests and represented by its 5 associated companies. From being a new kid on the block by making a modest start with manufacturing of Loose-Leaf Binders, CBSL later diversified its activities in the highly technological field of Security Printing, Document Imaging, Banking Equipment & Services, Plastic and Stationery Products. And the key principles on which CBSL has based its business practices over the last 50 years that has made it successfully traverse into higher realms have been Focus on Customer, Transparency is the key, Innovation for growth, Build trust And most importantly build strong lasting relationships.

The growth of CBSL is laid on the foundation built by strong infrastructure, sound financial base and empowering people at the grass-root level. Further, to continually adapt and cater to the varying needs of our customers we constantly strive to improve the quality and reliability of our Products/Services."
Watertec India,4.4,(183 Reviews),Private,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 43 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"WaterTec is a Premium Bath Fittings and Accessories brand that is best known for its durable, highly functional, and quality products. Revolutionizing the range of products with its high-quality virgin grade Engineering Polymer, products are built to suit your taste and senses. 

Designed to perfection, Engineered for high utility, and Made to last long, WaterTec is a perfect blend of technology and design that cost-effectively transforms your Bathrooms into Living spaces. We offer a comprehensive range of products viz. Taps, Showers, Valves, Mixers, Faucets, Bathroom Accessories & Connection Hoses. 

Our elegant bathroom fittings can suit any décor and integrate well with the modern concepts of building construction"
Pfizer Healthcar...,4.1,(183 Reviews),Mumbai + 12 more,14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"The pursuit of innovation is basic to Pfizer's culture. It shapes our strategy, defines our purpose, and governs every facet of our operations -- from research and development (R&D) that leads to pharmaceutical inventions, to the transfer of knowledge to patients and providers, to the way we respond to the changing marketplace.

Pfizer scientists have produced innovative breakthroughs in a wide range of research areas, including depression, erectile dysfunction, high cholesterol, HIV infection, hypertension, bacterial infections and systemic fungal infections. And today we're taking on some of the world's most difficult diseases, including cancer, arthritis, and osteoporosis."
QX Global Group,3.9,(183 Reviews),Public,"Skipton,North Yorkshire + 5 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"QX Limited is a business process outsourcing company providing finance, accounts, recruitment, payroll, IT software and corporate advisory services. Our corporate home is in Skipton, North Yorkshire with American offices in New Jersey, and four Indian subsidiary offices in Ahmedabad, Baroda, Mumbai, and Noida. The subsidiary offices meet ISO standards for security (27001) and quality (9001) management systems, and are GDPR compliant via the BS 10012:2017 framework. Our American offices assure security, availability, processing integrity, confidentiality, and privacy of client data by being SOC 2 compliant. Under the QX brand, over 1200 professionals collaborate through different divisions to help its English and American clients become more efficient and achieve their business goals. Our aim is to innovate our clients’ back-office departments and give their senior staff time to deliver higher-value services. We operate in five key business areas – accounts outsourcing, F&A outsourcing, back-office recruitment services, corporate advisory, and software services – but a client can benefit from the services of a number of divisions. Each division provides services across different geographic areas to clients that include accountants, businesses, healthcare providers, local government bodies and recruitment agencies."
Azure Power,3.9,(183 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 13 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Our mission is to be the lowest-cost power producer in the world. We sell solar power in India on long-term fixed price contracts to our customers, at prices which in many cases are at or below prevailing alternatives for these customers. Since inception, we have achieved a substantial reduction in total solar project cost, which includes a significant decrease in balance of systems costs due in part to our value engineering, design and procurement efforts."
Encube Ethicals,3.9,(183 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 7 more,23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Encube Ethicals is an integrated pharmaceutical topical organization dedicated to only semisolid formulations since 19+ years. Our focus is to consistently excel in manufacturing and development of topical formulations which touches millions of patients globally. We help our customers serve global markets with innovative, technology driven & cost effective topical products of the highest quality. When you outsource with us, we bring over technical agility along with a responsive team that adds real value to your manufacturing and development. For everything that Encube does, we intend to delight Encubians, business partners and end consumers by going beyond their expectations every time."
Publicis,3.7,(2.3k Reviews),Private,Paris + 12 more,97 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Publicis Groupe is the third largest communications group in the world, a leader in marketing, communication and digital business transformation. As a platform at the intersection of marketing and digital business transformation, driven through the alchemy of creativity and technology, Publicis Groupe is built on The Power of One. Publicis Groupe offers its clients seamless access to the expertise of its 80,000 talents across four Solution hubs: creative with Publicis Communications (Publicis Worldwide, Saatchi & Saatchi, Leo Burnett, BBH, Marcel, Fallon, MSL, Prodigious), media services with Publicis Media (Starcom, Zenith, Spark Foundry, Blue 449, Performics, Digitas), digital business transformation with Publicis.Sapient and health & wellness communications with Publicis Health. Publicis Groupe’s agencies are present in over 100 countries around the world. Founded in 1926 by Marcel Bleustein-Blanchet, the “father of French advertising”, Publicis Groupe is today led by its third CEO in its history, Arthur Sadoun, Chairman & CEO. Maurice Lévy, who led the company for 30 years until June 2017, is today the Chairman of the Groupe’s Supervisory Board."
The Indian Hotel...,4.2,(1.8k Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 29 more",124 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Indian Hotels Company Limited (IHCL) and its subsidiaries bring together a group of brands and businesses that offer a fusion of warm Indian hospitality and world-class service. These include Taj – the hallmark of iconic hospitality, Vivanta with its collection of sophisticated upscale hotels, SeleQtions, a named collection of hotels and Ginger which is revolutionizing the lean luxury segment.

Incorporated by the founder of the Tata Group, Jamsetji Tata, the Company opened its first hotel - The Taj Mahal Palace, in Bombay in 1903. IHCL operates 195 hotels including 40 under development globally across 4 continents, 12 countries and in over 80 locations.  

The Indian Hotels Company Limited (IHCL) is amongst South Asia’s largest Indian hospitality companies by market capitalization. It is primarily listed on the BSE and NSE."
Tredence,3.8,(182 Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 4 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tredence is the ﬁrst analytics services company focused on the last mile of analytics adoption. Our capabilities range from Data Visualization, Data Management to Advanced analytics, Big Data and Machine Learning. Our uniqueness is in bringing the right mix of technology and business analytics to create white-box solutions that are typically transitioned to our clients at the end of the engagement in a sustainable way. We do this cost effectively using a global execution model leveraging our clients'​ existing technology and data assets. We also come in with some strong IP and pre-built solutions/ frameworks in mobile, data mining and BI. Our high-growth record since inception has helped us gain recognition in Inc. 5000 for last 3 consecutive years as one of the fastest growing analytics companies in the US. Silicon Valley Business Journal ranked us 5th among the fastest growing private companies in Silicon Valley in 2018. We were also named ‘Bootstrap Champs’ at the Economic Times Start-up Awards, 2018."
TATA Advanced Ma...,3.9,(182 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 1 more",33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"TATA Advanced Materials Limited (TAML) is subsidiary of TATA Industries Limited, is a pioneer and leader in composite manufacturing and solutions, catering to the demands of the Aerospace, Space, Defence and Industrial Composites realms across the globe.

With a 16-acre facility housing a State-of-the-Art infrastructure of global standards, TAML employs more than 500 skilled engineers and operators. Composite Parts for Space Applications, Structural Components, Engine Components, Personal and Vehicle Armour and Composite parts for various Industrial Applications are some of the products that TAML manufactures for various OEMs and Tier 1s. Having achieved a revenue of over 35 Million Dollars in 2016, TATA Advanced Materials Limited aims at reaching the ‘100 Million Dollar Revenue’ mark by 2020, becoming “The Supplier of Choice” for the Aerospace, Defence & Industrial Industry."
Centre For Sight,4.1,(182 Reviews),Private,Delhi + 19 more,27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in 1996, by Dr. Mahipal S Sachdev, eminent ophthalmologist and Padmashree awardee, Centre for Sight (CFS) is a leading eye care provider in India. Since its inception, Centre for Sight has been guided by patient centric values of efficiency, precision, compassion and integrity.

Centre for Sight won the prestigious Frost & Sullivan award as the Eye care provider company of the year 2010 & 2014, an affirmation of its values. Centre for Sight was awarded the prestigious FICCI Healthcare Excellence award for Operational Excellence in 2012. ET Now Leaders of tomorrow national award for Business Excellence in 2014. Awarded “Best Single Specialty Hospital Chain 2016” at Businessworld 3rd Healthcare Summit & Awards. Dr. Mahipal S Sachdev, chairman & MD CFS group of hospitals receives lifetime achievement Award at Times Health achiever Delhi NCR 2017. Also the hospital was awarded best single specialty hospital in the same conclave. These awards are recognition of our committed efforts to make eye care a super specialty in India.

Driven by the mission to provide the best eye care to all, Centre for Sight has carefully handpicked a team of more than 145 doctors from premier institutions across the country with a reachability to most cities in form of 47 eye care centers and has recently opened its state-of-the-art facility : Centre for Sight Eye Institute at Dwarka, Delhi, the largest private comprehensive superspeciality eye Institute in north India."
VST Industries,4.2,(182 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 56 more",93 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Vazir Sultan Tobacco Company Limited was incorporated on 10th November, 1930, under the Hyderabad Companies Act No. IV of 1320 Fasli and now governed under the Companies Act, 1956/2013. The name of the Company was subsequently changed to VST Industries Limited on 30th April, 1983. The Company has its Registered Office at Azamabad, Hyderabad.The Company’s shares are listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited."
Parul University,3.6,(182 Reviews),Private,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujarat + 17 more",8 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Parul University came into being during April-2015 vide an Act of State Legislature viz., Gujarat Private Universities Act, 2009 and Gujarat Private Universities (Second Amendment) Act, 2015 and has made long strides in the field of education in Gujarat. The fact that the University offers more than 160 different undergraduate , post graduate and doctoral degree programmes through 34 institutions across 21 wide ranging Faculties such as Medicine, Engineering, Pharmacy, Homoeopathy, Ayurved, Management, Law, Fine Arts, Design, Arts, Commerce etc....is a testimony to the commitment of the University for expanding in the area of higher education and the dedication of all stakeholders in providing a package of best managed delivery system. The University is spread over a sprawling 150 acres accommodating 100 academic blocks . The state-of-the-art university infrastructure also house the modern laboratories required for teaching and research purposes. The campus also boasts of excellent facilities for co-curricular activities of the students such as playground, gymnasium, swimming pool etc... There are about 28,000+ students studying in the University which reflects the popularity of the University among the student community. It is a constant endeavour of the University to achieve excellence in delivering different programmes"
Wsp Consultants ...,4.4,(182 Reviews),Private,Montreal + 8 more,64 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"WSP is one of the world's leading professional services consulting firms. We are dedicated to our local communities and propelled by international brainpower. We are technical experts and strategic advisors including engineers, technicians, scientists, architects, planners, surveyors and environmental specialists, as well as other design, program and construction management professionals. We design lasting solutions in the Transportation & Infrastructure, Property & Buildings, Environment, Power & Energy, Resources and Industry sectors, as well as offering strategic advisory services.With approximately 1,487 talented people across 2 locations in India and approximately 50,000 globally, in 550 offices across 40 countries, we engineer projects that will help societies grow for lifetimes to come."
Sarvodaya Hospit...,4.2,(182 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 12 more",32 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Sarvodaya Hospital, over the years, has grown into a 'centre of excellence', commanding the respect of its peers, trust of its patients and complete commitment of its team. Today – with a capacity of over 450 beds, a fully operational super-specialty wing, a gamut of world-class services and facilities, proactive stress of cutting-edge R&D and continuous learning, and a professional team focused on delivering exceptional care with a personal touch - we are amongst the finest health care destinations in Delhi NCR, and certainly the most preferred in Faridabad."
Arabtec Construc...,4.6,(182 Reviews),Private,"Dubai,Dubai + 12 more",48 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Established in 1975, Arabtec Construction LLC (Arabtec) is the largest subsidiary of Arabtec Holding PJSC, and delivers social and economic infrastructure projects including high-rise developments, airport terminals, luxury villas and iconic landmarks. Arabtec has undertaken projects in the UAE, wider GCC, North Africa and Asia.
 
For more than 40 years, Arabtec has built a reputation for quality and solid expertise in complex construction. Its ability to manage each phase of a project’s lifecycle efficiently and effectively has enabled the company to successfully complete more than 240 projects, including the world’s tallest building, the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, and the inspirational Louvre, Abu Dhabi."
Case New-Holland...,4.0,(182 Reviews),Private,London + 31 more,181 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"CASE Construction Equipment is built on the principle that simple is better. Our equipment is an evolution of fine-tuned products designed to solve real world challenges. Every customer experience begins and ends with support from people at a company with a heritage of strong values and steeped in more than 175 years of knowledge.

As your business grows ever more complex and competitive, we’re here to provide you with versatile, productive machines and reliable support so that you can spend time on what matters most—running your business. To us, Experts for the Real World is more than a slogan—it’s our rallying cry. It’s why customers count on CASE."
EVRY India,3.7,(182 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 2 more",55 years old,10k-50k Employees (Global),"EVRY India is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tietoevry — the largest Nordic IT Group. We offer a comprehensive portfolio of IT services and drive digital transformation across Banking & Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare, Retail & Manufacturing & Logistics, and Software Product Engineering sectors. We impact our client's businesses with optimal domain knowledge, technology expertise, and robust engagement models. Clients receive immense value from our pragmatic approach to engagement rather than a cost-based or purely process-driven model. 

Tietoevry creates purposeful technology that reinvents the world for good. We are a leading technology company with a strong Nordic heritage and global capabilities. Based on our core values of openness, trust, and diversity, we work with our customers to develop digital futures where businesses, societies, and humanity thrive.

Our 24,000 experts globally specialize in cloud, data, and software, serving thousands of enterprise and public-sector customers in more than 90 countries. Tietoevry’s annual turnover is approximately USD 3 billion and the company’s shares are listed on the NASDAQ exchange in Helsinki and Stockholm, as well as on Oslo Børs."
POSCO MAHARASHTR...,4.1,(182 Reviews),Private,Pohang-si + 8 more,11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 28th May 2012, POSCO Maharashtra Steel provides high quality Galvanized and Galva annealed steel that are applicable to all varieties of industries, such as construction, home appliance, and automotive industries.

POSCO has strong presence in India. To provide value added steel processing services to auto customers, we have total 5 state of art facilities in Delhi, Pune, Hyderabad, Chennai and Ahmadabad. To ensure quality technical support, we dispatched Korean service engineer to each region under the name of POSCO South-Asia."
Gartner India Re...,4.1,(182 Reviews),Private,"Stamford,Connecticut + 6 more",71 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Gartner, Inc. (NYSE: IT) is the world’s leading research and advisory company and a member of the S&P 500. We equip business leaders with indispensable insights, advice and tools to achieve their mission-critical priorities today and build the successful organizations of tomorrow.

Our unmatched combination of expert-led, practitioner-sourced and data-driven research steers clients toward the right decisions on the issues that matter most. We are a trusted advisor and an objective resource for more than 15,000 enterprises in more than 100 countries — across all major functions, in every industry and enterprise size."
Columbia Petro C...,4.3,(182 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",63 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Columbia Petro Chem, spear-headed by Mr. Kuldeep Halwasiya, is a part of the Universal-Halwasiya Group, which was founded by Mr. Madan Mohan Halwasiya. Established in the 1960s, the group has grown from a single company manufacturing BIS-approved Transformer Oil to a multi-locational, multi-product one-stop shop for quality lubricants and speciality oils."
Infodrive,4.5,(182 Reviews),Private,"New Delhi,Delhi",27 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"InfodriveIndia is India’s leading and most trusted export import market research company. Started in 1996 with an objective to fill the gap of authentic and meaningful information for Export Import Trade.

We are serving 25,000+ clients that include world's top consulting companies with over 80 Country’s Export Import Information on over 22,000 products.

Over the last 25 years… InfodriveIndia has become a Gold Standard in field of export import information, InfodriveIndia reports are cited in courts of law, used by world’s leading market research companies, Govt export promotion councils, Industry associations and over 22,000 corporates and exporters importers world over."
Nava Bharat Vent...,3.9,(182 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 19 more",51 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"NBV is a business conglomerate with interests in power generation, ferro alloys, mining and sugar with multi-national operations spread over India, South East Asia and Africa."
Škoda Auto India,4.2,(182 Reviews),Private,"Aurangabad,Maharashtra + 28 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The first vehicle left our factory in Mladá Boleslav in 1905 and millions of others have followed it throughout the company’s more than 120 years of existence. The company’s registered office and automobile development department have remained in the company’s home town, but production has also spread to many other places, cities and countries over time.ŠKODA maintains a strong position on the markets in Western Europe, as well as in rapidly developing regions, such as Central Europe and China. The model campaign and further internationalization enabled ŠKODA to deliver more than one million vehicles to its customers worldwide in 2018 for the fifth time in a row."
Weblink In,4.6,(371 Reviews),Private,"New Delhi,Delhi + 5 more",26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Weblink.In Pvt. Ltd., formerly known as WeblinkIndia.Net Pvt. Ltd., is an ISO 9001:2015 certified organization, offering growth solution to businesses across all verticals like Business-to-Business (B2B), Recruitment, Matrimonial, Real Estate, Travel & Tourism and Web Design & Development. We discover, define, design and deliver business solutions that synchronize well with fundamental requirements of respective trades to fulfill our promise of continuous business growth.

A group of passionate professionals laid the foundation stone of Weblink in 1997. Ever since, we have been moving ahead with a quality-driven approach and have assisted thousands of enterprises in scaling their business. Continual development in terms of infrastructure, skill-set, technology, and services has enabled us to keep moving forward and achieve unparalleled results for our clients. Our keen eye on emerging trends of online business as well as technical spheres has empowered us to offer the most innovative business growth solutions."
CTDI,3.8,(181 Reviews),Private,"West Chester,Pennsylvania + 17 more",48 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Founded in 1975, CTDI is a full-service, global engineering, repair and logistics company providing best-cost solutions to the communications industry. CTDI's one-stop service commitment to customers has fueled the growth from a core business of network and CPE equipment repair to include: • STB / CPE Division: Screen & Clean, OEM certified Subsequently several other manufacturing factories namely CISCO (1952), MTR (1956) and WNC (1961) were added to consolidate the NEI footprint in the then expanding power industry in India. CTR was established in 1964 and initially manufactured On Load Tapchangers for Transformers needed to control power supply fluctuation and Pressed Steel Radiators used in Power and Distribution Transformers.Repair and high-volume Logistics of STBs, Gateways, Modems, EMTAs, Remote Controls utilizing innovative, Multi-unit testers with Robotic functionality. • Mobile & Consumer Electronics (MCE): Test, Repair and Refurbishment of Smart Phones, Tablets and Laptops utilizing innovative, Multi-unit testers with Robotic functionality. •Network Services (NS): Fully integrated Test, Repair & Logistics of Telecom Network Infrastructure Equipment. •Network Deployment Solutions (NDS): Installation, Integration and configuration of Telecom Network Infrastructure Equipment • Product / Supply: Strategic planning, sourcing and manufacturing of CPE Accessory Equipment such as power supplies, cables, etc and Test, Refurbishment and global Remarketing of customer owned Network and CPE assets. CTDI's customers include the major wireline and wireless telecom carriers, cable service providers, and major OEMs from around the world. CTDI maintains its corporate headquarters in West Chester, PA, and supports an expanding customer base with more than 17,500 employees in over 100 facilities worldwide."
RA Chem Pharma,4.0,(181 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 8 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"RA Chem Pharma Limited is a vertically integrated pharmaceutical company.Over the past 15 years, it has expanded its spectrum by establishing state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities in API, Formulations and Clinical Research. RA Group consists of cGMP compliant API manufacturing facility located in Jaggayapet, Krishna Districtin Andhra Pradesh, India. cGMP compliant solid dosage formulation manufacturing facility at Nacharam,Hyderabad, India. GCP and GLP compliant Clinical Research & Biosciences division at Balanagar,Hyderabad, India."
Consero Global S...,3.4,(181 Reviews),Private,Austin + 3 more,17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Consero Global provides a robust financial solution that gives CEOs, CFOs and investors a clear financial picture to make better decisions in growing their business. Consero was founded in early 2006 with the goal of providing small and mid-market companies with a superior alternative to building and maintaining an in-house finance function. Since then we have expanded our solution; offering strategy and funding services, operational financial services, financial controller services, bookkeeping, and administration services and our cloud software platform."
Wallace Pharmace...,3.8,(181 Reviews),Private,"Panaji/Panjim,Goa + 30 more",55 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Wallace Group is a privately owned Pharmaceutical & Biotechnology Group headquartered in Goa, India.Incorporated in the late 1960s as a joint venture with Carter Wallace Inc. and Menezes family, the Wallace Group is primarily engaged in the manufacture and marketing of formulation products in India as well as abroad. The Group comprises of Wallace Pharmaceuticals, Indi Pharma and Goodwin Biotechnology Inc.The Wallace Group employs over 2000 personnel with offices and facilities in several key locations in India and around the world."
Inventia Healthc...,4.0,(181 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 6 more",38 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Inventia, established in 1985, is a privately held pharmaceutical development and manufacturing company based in Mumbai, India. Inventia is dedicated to developing complex generic and novel innovative pharmaceutical products, which have been instrumental in enhancing the product portfolio of our partners along with improvement in the patient’s compliance and comfort.We partner with clients across the globe, which ranges from mid-sizes companies to large local players and multi-national companies. By working closely with our clients, we offer an end to end solution - right from research and development all the way to commercialization to support their expansion across emerging and regulated markets."
D.p. Jain & Co. ...,3.6,(181 Reviews),Private,"Nagpur,Maharashtra + 20 more",49 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"DP Jain & Co. Infrastructure Pvt. Ltd. is part of DP Jain Group led by Mr. Deepak Jain and Mr. Girish Jain. The Group was originally founded by their father Late Mr. Dharampal Jain, in partnership with Mr. Nemichand Jain in 1975, in Nagpur, India.

Over the years, the company has steadily grown and now an emerging civil infrastructure project construction and development company in India. It delivers projects, in both EPC and PPP mode, in several high growth sectors, such as Roads & Highways, Bridges, Airports, Water Irrigation, Institutional Buildings, Railways, Power, Mining and Heavy Earth Work projects.

The company is poised to further grow, with a strong vision to offer its services, to build quality & economical transportation, environmental and other civil engineering infrastructure projects to its clients."
Asti Electronics...,4.0,(181 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 4 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"ASTI Electronics India Pvt. Ltd. / AEIPL is mainly owned subsidiary company of ASTI Corporation, Japan (visit at  http://www.asti.co.jp).

We are  manufacturing Wiring harnesses for vehicles,  controllers and related components.

AEIPL was established in 19 November 2004 with the objective to fulfill the demand  of products like Wire Harness for Automobile  customers. The plant at IMT Manesar was started in October 2005 and  at the same time supplies to SUZUKI Motorcycle India started. AEIPL also started supplies to SUBROS Ltd. in May 2006. In March 2007 our System was Audited by MARUTI SUZUKI. AEIPL got certified by ISO/ TS 16949 Certification in May 2007. In June 2007 we started regular Supplies to MARUTI SUZUKI."
Zebronics,3.5,(181 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 31 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1997, Zebronics is a IT & Gaming Peripherals, Sound systems, Mobile & Lifestyle Accessories & Surveillance Solutions brand with a mission to provide products which are Great on design, performance yet so easy on pocket, that every household in the country can afford.Today, Zebronics employs over 1,100 people across 31 Offices and 128+ Zeb Cares in India. The offices are backed by strong network of dealers, resellers and integrators adding to retail presence of over 50,000+ locations across length and breadth of the country. The Zeb Care (service centers) provide support to the consumers and the channel network."
MapmyIndia,3.8,(181 Reviews),Public,"Delhi,NCT + 3 more",31 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Founded in 1995, MapmyIndia is India’s leader in premium quality digital map data and APIs, GPS navigation, tracking, location apps and GIS solutions. Head quartered in New Delhi with offices across India, MapmyIndia is an ISO 9001-2012 company with 750+ people that pioneered digital mapping in India. Since 1995, through continuous field surveys and state-of-the-art mapping technology, MapmyIndia has built its proprietary MapmyIndia Maps, the most comprehensive, accurate, reliable, full-featured, professionally created and continuously updated digital map dataset for all India, including its revolutionary RealView service which captures, analyses and publishes the world in 3D and 360-degree photo-realistic clarity, all of which are used for a wide range of Navigation, Telematics, ADAS, GIS, LBS and Smart City applications."
Jaypee Hospital,4.3,(181 Reviews),Private,Noida + 5 more,9 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Jaypee Hospital was conceptualized by our revered Founder Chairman, Shri Jai Prakash Gaur with the vision of promoting world-class healthcare amongst the masses by providing quality and affordable medical care with commitment.  Jaypee Hospital at Noida is the flagship hospital of the Jaypee Group, which heralds the group’s noble intention to enter the healthcare space. This hospital has been planned and designed as a 1200 bedded tertiary care multi-speciality facility and has commissioned 525 beds in the first phase."
Koyo Bearings In...,3.9,(181 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 4 more,16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Koyo Bearings India Private Limited (KBIN) is a 100% subsidiary of JTEKT Corporation, Japan.

JTEKT Corporation is a Japanese multinational company having expertise in automotive steering systems, drivelines, machine tools, and automotive & industrial bearings.

Koyo bearings have over 50 years’ presence in the Indian market through import from our Singapore Warehouse. To capitalize on the growing Indian economy along with the vibrant automobile market, Koyo Bearing India was incorporated on 23.06.2009 in the state of Karnataka with its first office in Bengaluru. Since then, the company’s mission is to establish a manufacturing base in India to cater to the growing high quality bearing segment of the Indian automotive & other industries and to provide application/ product support to various industrial sectors.

KBIN specializes in single ball bearings, tapered roller bearings, HUB unit & precision parts for a wide range of applications in the automotive industry, motorcycles, steel Industry, agricultural & construction machinery, machine tools, and material handling, to name a few. KBIN aim is to offer world-class products backed up by state-of-the-art manufacturing lines, a well-planned total quality management system and close co-operation with our customers.

KBIN products by virtue of their technical features strive to represent environmental friendly mobility. As an engineering partner and supplier for automobile manufacturers to develop and manufacture forward-looking products and system solutions.

KBIN has a comprehensive range of bearings for numerous applications in two wheelers & four wheelers which meets a broad engineering spectrum of technical and commercial demands.

The engineering team at KBIN carries out exhaustive technical study and calculations to freeze upon specially profiled big end and small end bearings for the most demanding loads of engine. This KBIN expertise and expert user support give end-customers a longer service life and improved end product safety."
S.c Johnson Prod...,4.1,(181 Reviews),Private,"Racine,Wisconsin + 41 more",137 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Through five generations of family leadership, SC Johnson has been making great products like these for more than 130 years, helping to make life cleaner, easier and healthier for consumers around the world. Headquartered in the US in Racine, Wisconsin and with 13,000 global employees in more than 70 countries around the world, the Johnson family has demanded the best for families everywhere. Family leadership enables SC Johnson to consistently adhere to our core values: Innovation and Quality: Innovative and quality products and leading brands in more than 100 countries that make life a little easier and homes cleaner and healthier. Steadfast Commitment to Workplace Excellence: Cutting edge employment programs and policies that are recognized and honored worldwide as having raised workplace standards for all employers. Environmental and Community Leadership: An unparalleled commitment to doing what’s right for communities and the environment that is a recognized model of commitment-in-action to improve the quality of life for people around the world and for future generations."
ANZ Operations &...,4.4,(181 Reviews),Melbourne + 2 more,34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Headquartered in Melbourne and with a long-term AA- credit rating, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (ANZ) has a banking heritage spanning more than 180 years in Australia and New Zealand and an established on the ground presence in 14 Asian markets.

As clients look to capitalise on the movement of money and goods across Asia Pacific, they find in us a strong banking partner who can help them manoeuvre the rapidly changing business and regulatory landscape, while effectively managing liquidity, risk and investments.

We connect clients to opportunities centred around trade and capital flows into and within Asia Pacific."
BRLPS,4.0,(181 Reviews),Patna + 40 more,16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"The Bihar Rural Livelihoods Project (BRLP) is an ambitious project of the Government of Bihar for the alleviation of poverty in the State. The objective of the project is to provide right & equal opportunities for livelihoods for rural community especially poor. Bihar Rural Livelihoods Promotion Society under overall Framework of National Rural Livelihoods Mission to scale up the JEEViKA model of poverty alleviation through-out the all 534 blocks of 38 district of Bihar in a phased manner.Over a period of 10years, SRLM mandate is to mobilize 1.5 crores rural HHs into 10 Lakhs SHGs, 65000 VOs and 1600 CLFs. BRLPS through the Bihar Rural Livelihoods Project (BRLP) aims to improve rural livelihood options and works towards social and economic empowerment of the rural poor and women. Development professionals working with BRLPS intervene with the community through the following four themes or programmes: institution and capacity building, social development, microfinance and livelihoods.

BRLP is a marquee programme in development and has already earned recognition from various governments, governmental/nongovernmental and other stakeholders for its path breaking initiatives. It provides a professional and challenging work environment to its associates."
Sequential Techn...,4.0,(181 Reviews),Private,Windermere + 4 more,7 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Omniglobe International is now known as Sequential Technology International(STI).

STI provides consumer, enterprise, direct and indirect support expertise that makes complex processes simple. We combine expertise and technology to help you deliver the best-in-class customer experience. With flexible staffing and pricing options, we build tailored solutions that lower operating costs and scale to match enterprise growth or temporary resource requirements.

We become process experts in your business by collaborating with you to understand everything from your back-end systems to your customer-facing applications. Our approach to strategic account management included data analytics-drive business intelligence, sales enablement strategies and tools and dedicated professional teams across customers and locations."
Call 2 Connect,3.2,(181 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 11 more",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Call 2 Connect is a leading Information Technology Enabled Services (ITES) and BPO company. We offer world-class customer support solutions, back office & consultancy services through a network of over 1200 employees across offices in Mumbai, Patna, Noida (Delhi) and Bangalore. We deliver the entire spectrum of business process management (BPM) services across all our centres, including:

Business Process Outsourcing (BPO)
Call Centre - Voice & Non-Voice
Consulting
Soft skill training
Collection management
Telemarketing
In addition, we also offer e-payment / governance consulting services. Combining operational excellence with deep domain expertise, Call 2 Connect has brought business value to more than 75 clients across key industry verticals including Telecom, Banking & Financial services, Healthcare, Lifestyle, Insurance, Manufacturing, Media & Entertainment, Retail, Travel & Leisure, State Governments & PSUs, Automobile, Petroleum, Web Portals, Transaction Processing, Food & Beverage, Consumer Durables and more. Established in June 2003, Call 2 Connect is now a fully owned subsidiary of Route Mobile Limited, a global leader in mobile solutions headquartered in Mumbai, India (www.routemobile.com)."
Flyjac Logistics,4.2,(181 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 36 more",33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Since its inception in 1990, Flyjac Logistics has grown to a logistics leader with a global footprint. Moreover, our nationwide presence at 27 corporate locations and 17 warehouse locations in India has put us on the national logistics map. With more than 5,000 customers and counting, we can proudly but humbly affirm that we have served companies in all major industry verticals. In 2010, Flyjac Logistics merged with Hitachi Transport System, a group company of the renowned Hitachi Group of Japan. The merger has provided us with direct access to Hitachi's presence at major transportation gateways around the world. Additionally, the level of customer service we are able to deliver as a result of the merger has exceeded even our own expectations and performance benchmarks. At Flyjac Logistics, we follow industry trends and paradigm shifts closely to cater to emerging markets and industry best practices. For instance, we were among the first companies in India to provide logistics solutions to the growing ecommerce industry. We not only keep up with technology innovations but attempt to stay ahead. As an example, our entire suite of IT applications is web-based either directly or indirectly and operates in the cloud."
Studds Accessori...,3.5,(181 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 3 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Incepted in 1983, STUDDS Accessories Limited is the leading manufacturer of helmets and motorcycle accessories in India and all over the world. STUDDS offers a wide range of two-wheeler helmets and accessories and has a presence in more than 50 countries across the globe including Europe, Asia, Latin America and Middle East. We believe that our focus on style, design, quality as well as safety, makes us a lifestyle choice for our customers. With over 50 million customers globally entrusting STUDDS with their road safety, we are amongst the top helmets and riding gear brands in India and internationally.With state-of-art manufacturing facilities spread over an area of more than 50,000 sq. mts. and having the capability to churn out more than 12 million helmets every year."
Signode,4.0,(181 Reviews),Private,"Glenview,Illinois + 24 more",110 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Signode is a global manufacturer of steel and plastic strapping, and the application equipment and accessory products for each. For over 100 years, we have been helping our customers improve their profits by reducing the costs they experience in moving their products to market. Our products are used throughout the world in a broad range of industries to secure everything from cotton bales and newspapers to steel coils and corrugated cartons."
Central Institut...,3.6,(181 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 34 more",55 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Central Institute of Plastics Engineering & Technology (CIPET) was established in 1968 by Government of India with the assistance of United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) at Chennai. The main objective of setting up of the institute was to develop manpower in different disciplines of Plastics Engineering & Technology as no similar institute was in existence in the country. International Labour Organization (ILO) served as the executing agency. During the initial project period between 1968 and 1973, the institute achieved the targets envisaged and was rated as one of the most successful UNDP projects implemented worldwide. Today CIPET is a premier national institution under the Ministry of Chemicals & Fertilizers, Govt. of India fully devoted to Skill Development, Technology Support Services, Academic and Research (STAR) in all the domains of plastics viz:- Design, CAD/CAM/CAE, Tooling & Mould Manufacturing, Plastics processing, Testing and Quality Assurance. CIPET operates from various locations spread across the country catering the needs of Polymer and allied industries."
Associated Road ...,4.2,(181 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 43 more",51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Started in the year 1972 by a group of young professionals, with passion in their hearts ‘to build an organisation that would revolutionise Service in the Surface Transport Industry, while being customer-centric in all its activities’.

Today we take pride in the fact that A R C is one of India’s Largest ISO 9001-2015 accredited Surface Transport Organisation and has evolved into a huge corporate conglomerate. A R C is built on the strong pillars of Integrity, Massive Infrastructure, Operational Expertise, Financial soundness and a professional team with a Strong Will to Serve by adhering to enduring traditions and lasting values.

NETWORK, INFRASTRUCTURE & SERVICE: As from little acorns grow mighty oaks, from one truck, five branches and a staff of fifteen, the size and magnitude of A R C have grown to achieve a massive turnover with over 2400 dedicated professionals, 585+ owned outlets in 400+ cities, spanning the length and breadth of the nation. At any given point of time, over 3500 vehicles are traversing the roads, covering about 3,00,000 km. everyday, delivering consignments to 5000+ destinations. More than 3 million tons of cargo is transported annually, adding up to a whopping 10,000 Crores worth of material.

A R C has the complete transport expertise to handle from the smallest parcel to Heavy & Odd Dimensional Cargo, Project Transportation, Containers Movement & Port Clearance, serving all vital areas of the Indian Industry such as Power & Oil Exploration, Iron & Steel, Cement & Refractories, Textile & Engineering, Fertilisers & Chemicals, Petrochemical & Bulk Drugs, Plastics & Fibre and many others.

FLEET: To facilitate swift movement of cargo to even the farthest corners of the nation, A R C has a well-maintained large fleet comprising of Special Trailers, Open Trucks, Containerised Vehicles, Standard Trucks and LCVs.

HANDLING: For safety of cargo while in transit and while loading & unloading, A R C boasts of all-weather proof sealed godown space with the latest handling equipment and mobile cranes."
Belstar Investme...,4.2,(181 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 72 more",35 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Belstar Microfinance Private Limited (Belstar) is a Non-Banking Finance Company (NBFC) and a subsidiary of Muthoot Finance Limited. Guided by an expert Board member team and an able leadership, the company has successfully transitioned into a profitable and high-potential Microfinance Institution (MFI) with low credit risk. Belstar’s business model is unique as it pursues a double bottom line focusing on both financial performance as well as social performance with the assistance of the Hand in Hand India in alleviating poverty coupled with community development."
SVC Co-Operative...,3.9,(181 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 30 more",117 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Shamrao Vithal Co-op. Bank Ltd. known as SVC Cooperative Bank Limited, is a scheduled bank in India that was established in 1906, being registered as a Co-operative Credit Society on 27 December 1906"
PhyCARE Solution...,3.9,(181 Reviews),Private,"Bronx,New York + 3 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"PhyCARE Solutions is a service oriented practice management company with a commitment to quality, accountability, compliance, and personal service to each of its clients; bridging high-end technology and experienced personnel working together in an efficient and cost effective manner with a goal of optimizing revenue and maintaining the highest level of compliance."
Dalmia-OCL,3.7,(181 Reviews),New Delhi + 27 more,7 years old,501-1k Employees (Global),N/A,"We are the Refractories business of the Dalmia Bharat Group. Established in 1939, the Group is one of India’s oldest and most respected business houses, with interests spanning across Cement, Sugar, Power aside of Refractories. Learn more about the Dalmia Bharat Group.As a Refractory company, we work behind the scenes. When industrial furnaces and kilns make ferrous and non-ferrous materials at very high temperatures, we persevere behind, performing a critical job of lining the furnaces and protecting the material being produced.Our job needs a lot of specialization, it warrants deep understanding of what is being made and how it is being made. And this is what we have been doing for six decades, and counting."
Amentum,4.4,(181 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 19 more,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"Amentum is a premier global government and private-sector partner whose experience, passion and purpose drive mission success. We operate, serve, maintain, protect and support the most discerning and critical programs in Nuclear & Environment, Mission Support & Sustainment, Threat Mitigation, Mission Assurance, Strategic Capabilities Engineering in Critical Infrastructures, Facilities, and Ranges here and abroad. Amentum’s culture of safety, operational excellence, and ethics was formed throughout our 116-year heritage and sharpened by our unrelenting dedication to the customer’s mission."
UBS Business Sol...,4.0,(181 Reviews),Pune + 3 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Oriflame,3.9,(181 Reviews),Private,"Stockholm,Schaffhausen + 21 more",56 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We want our people to act and fulfil their dreams through their employment with us. Every day, we aim to deliver excitement, a sense of connection, a challenge and the acknowledgment of being truly needed. Working at Oriflame means being in a global company defined by a dynamic culture, meaningful work and professional growth. As an employer we demand a lot of our people, but we also empower them to live up to their challenges, to use and foster an entrepreneurial spirit of Togetherness, Spirit and Passion to deliver Beauty by Sweden"
Total,3.8,(231 Reviews),Private,Paris + 36 more,99 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Total is the world’s fourth-largest oil and gas company and second-largest solar energy operator with SunPower. With operations in more than 130 countries, we have more than 100,000 employees who are fully committed to better energy. Learn about Total's businesses in just a few minutes with this vibrant, explanatory video built around our baseline “Committed to Better Energy”.

Created in 1924 to enable France to play a key role in the great oil and gas adventure, Total Group has always been driven by an authentic pioneering spirit. It has discovered some of the most productive fields in the world. Its refineries have created increasingly sophisticated products and its extensive distribution network has rolled out an ever-expanding range of services.

As for the Group’s culture, it has been forged on the ground, underpinned by an unwavering commitment to safety and performance. Throughout its long history, Total was to frequently cross paths with two other oil companies, one French – Elf Aquitaine – and the other Belgian – Petroﬁna. Sometimes competitors, some-times partners, they gradually learned to work together. Their talent lay in being able to combine their strengths against their competitors. Such was the major challenge behind the mergers of 1999. They gave rise to the fourth oil major, a group built on a wealth of expertise and experience."
Ubisoft Entertai...,4.0,(181 Reviews),Private,"Montreuil,Seine-saint-denis + 3 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A Global Network of Talented People with the largest in-house game development staff in the world, Ubisoft gathers more than 14,000 team members in more than 40 studios around the world. Ubisoft attracts the best and brightest from all continents with talent, creativity & innovation at its core.

Present on 5 continents with more than 40 development studios. 

An international network with more than 95 nationalities and 55 spoken languages.

The biggest in-house creative force in the industry with more than 80% of our teams dedicated to creation."
Premium Transmis...,3.7,(180 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 10 more",62 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in 1961, Premium Transmission Private Limited is a part of a large diversified industrial conglomerate promoted by Mr. Karan Thapar. Premium is led by a richly experienced management team supported by a reputed board. 

Premium provides high-quality, precision-engineered power transmission products and solutions to the global engineering industry, catering to the needs of customers across the globe. We have four state-of-the-art, ISO 9001-certified manufacturing plants in India and one in Germany under the name Premium Stephan.

We are committed to the success and growth of every Premium employee. Learning and development programs are available throughout the company at every level. Programs and projects are designed to give employees challenging work and very real opportunities for success. Creativity and innovative thinking are highly valued and encouraged."
Bajaj Hindusthan,4.2,(180 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 15 more",92 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bajaj Hindusthan Sugar Limited (BHSL) was incorporated on 23rd November, 1931 under the name - The Hindusthan Sugar Mills Limited – on the initiative of Jamnalal Bajaj - a businessman, confidante, disciple and adopted son of Mahatma Gandhi. He sought Gandhiji's blessings in this new venture, which, apart from being a sound commercial proposition would also meet a national need. Till then, there were barely thirty sugar factories in the country.
The site selected for the first plant was at Golagokarannath, district Lakhimpur Kheri in the Terai region of Uttar Pradesh (UP), an area rich in sugar cane. The original capacity of the factory was 400 tons of cane crushed per day (TCD). Subsequently, this capacity was increased in stages and is currently 13,000 TCD. The distillery Unit at this plant commenced production during the end of World War II in 1944. In the initial few years, the major output was in the form of power alcohol as an additive to petrol, which was then in short supply. The unit was the first to supply alcohol-mixed petrol to the army.
In 1967, a new Company - Sharda Sugar & Industries Limited - was established as a subsidiary of Hindusthan Sugar Mills Limited. Under this new subsidiary, a sugar plant with a cane crushing capacity of 1400 TCD was set up in 1972 at Palia Kalan, a large cane supplying centre at a distance of about 70 kilometres from Golagokarannath. The objective of this new Unit was primarily to help the cane growers of the area supply their produce to the new location closer to their fields, thereby cutting down on transportation costs. The capacity was subsequently increased in stages to reach the present 11,000 TCD."
Mahindra Lifespa...,4.0,(180 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 17 more",29 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Established in 1994, Mahindra Lifespace Developers Ltd. is the real estate and infrastructure development business of the USD 20.7 billion Mahindra Group, and a pioneer of sustainable urbanisation in India. The Company is committed to transforming India’s urban landscape through its residential developments under the ‘Mahindra Lifespaces’ and ‘Happinest’ brands; and through its integrated cities and industrial clusters under the ‘Mahindra World City’ and ‘Origins by Mahindra World City’ brands.

Mahindra Lifespaces is driven by its credo of ‘Sell genuinely, Build responsibly, Deliver on time’ to develop innovative, customer-focused solutions that are rooted in a legacy of trust and transparency. The Company’s development footprint spans 25.3 million sq. ft. (2.3 million sq. m.) of completed, ongoing and forthcoming residential projects across seven Indian cities; and over 5000 acres of ongoing and forthcoming projects under development/management at its integrated developments / industrial clusters across four locations.A pioneer of the green homes movement, Mahindra Lifespaces is one of the first real estate companies in India to have committed to the global Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). The Company’s developments are characterised by thoughtful design and a welcoming environment that enhance overall quality of life for both individuals and industries.

Mahindra Lifespaces has been ranked 17th among India’s Great Mid-Size Workplaces 2019, by the Great Place To Work Institute."
S Chand Group,3.9,(180 Reviews),Public,New Delhi + 28 more,84 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"S. Chand Group is the oldest and one of the largest publishing and education service enterprise with footprints across the nation with 50 branches, 60 marketing offices, exporting to 40 countries, 15,000 titles and 1500+ authors reaching out to 20 million students across 40,000 school & educational institutions, state of the art printing and publishing facilities and 2000+ employees.

S. Chand Group with the objective to continue and establish the leadership in the changing scenario wherein digital content and education services will play a significant role in the academic market has launched a number of pioneering products under the umbrella of DS Digital Pvt. Ltd. to empower the teachers and students by using technology to its fullest potential.  DS Digital Pvt. Ltd provides schools, teachers and students interactive e-learning solutions comprising of digital classrooms, tablets, interactive white boards, labs, assessments and cloud based solutions."
Concord Biotech,3.7,(180 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 5 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Concord Biotech Limited is a leading vertically integrated, R&D driven biotechnological powerhouse that manufactures Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients through fermentation & semi-synthetic process and Finished formulations. Concord founded in the year 2000 has transformed from a single-product company to a broad-spectrum solution provider, offering products across diversified therapeutic segments.Concord is globally known for its products and has a commanding presence in more than 50 countries worldwide with efficient distribution infrastructure in markets like North America, Europe, Japan, Central & Latin America, Africa, Australia, New Zealand, Asia-Pacific as well as CIS and MENA countries, besides significant presence in India market. Concord is actively expanding its horizons by partnering with leading Global Pharmaceutical Companies by meeting their product development needs for API’s & Finished Formulations."
The Institute Of...,4.0,(180 Reviews),New Delhi + 57 more,74 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) is a statutory body established by an Act of Parliament, viz. The Chartered Accountants Act, 1949 (Act No.XXXVIII of 1949) for regulating the profession of Chartered Accountancy in the country. The Institute, functions under the administrative control of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India. The ICAI is the second largest professional body of Chartered Accountants in the world, with a strong tradition of service to the Indian economy in public interest.

The affairs of the ICAI are managed by a Council in accordance with the provisions of the Chartered Accountants Act, 1949 and the Chartered Accountants Regulations, 1988. The Council constitutes of 40 members of whom 32 are elected by the Chartered Accountants and remaining 8 are nominated by the Central Government generally representing the Comptroller and Auditor General of India, Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Ministry of Finance and other stakeholders.

Over a period of time the ICAI has achieved recognition as a premier accounting body not only in the country but also globally, for maintaining highest standards in technical, ethical areas and for sustaining stringent examination and education standards. Since 1949, the profession has grown leaps and bounds in terms of members and student base."
Dixit Infotech S...,4.0,(180 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 23 more",44 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"DIXIT INFOTECH was conceptualised and formed as DIXIT & COMPANY on JANUARY 1ST 1979.

Having spent over 37 YEARS in business, we do believe we know how to care for customers be it in SALES or SERVICE.

Today, after many Avtaars and many changes in our core products and approach, over the past few years we have approached the IT sales and services business with a lot of intensity.

Today, we are confident of delivering services across almost all aspects of BUSINESS IT. From a sales and solution perspective we have been able to execute many prestigious projects successfully.

Besides our pedigree of being customer serving for almost 40 YEARS, we have over 210 COMMITTED TEAM MEMBERS serving clients through our 6 OFFICES across the length and breadth of the country.

We have offices in MUMBAI, BANGALORE, DELHI, CHENNAI and HYDERABAD, making us one of the few SYSTEMS INTEGRATORS who can serve clients across India.

We have a very CUSTOMER SERVICE centric approach to everything we do and do feel we have competency in knowledge, implementation and post sales services.

Our team successfully has handled large and COMPLEX PROJECTS and services across leading clients."
Nimbus Harbor Fa...,3.9,(180 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 10 more",19 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Renowned for its commitment in delivering best-of-the-best Services, Nimbus Harbor is one such trustworthy player in the Industry, offering wide spectrum of Services for Engineering, Hospitality segment, IT Campuses & Project Management, Management of International Airports & Refineries, as also Management of high end Townships & Premium Buildings in their entirety , including Critical Equipment, with cutting-edge solutions & well-trained workforce"
Calsoft,3.5,(180 Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 3 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in 1998, Calsoft provides end-to-end product development, quality assurance, product sustenance, and solution engineering services to assist customers in ever evolving business needs. Our deep domain knowledge across various verticals help customers create exceptional products and get them to market on time and within budget.
Calsoft binds its services, employees and customers with a trust. Continuous innovation and the 6 essentials of the value system makes Calsoft one of the leading product engineering and consulting service providers."
Cotmac Electroni...,4.1,(180 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 13 more",32 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Cotmac Electronics Pvt Ltd is one of the leading organizations in the field of Industrial Automation. As Automation Solutions Providers, we have an impressive Track Record in various industries including Power, Auto, Textile and Packaging. Our Customers include Market Leaders and we have added value to their productivity with our proficiency in Factory Automation Solutions as well as Process Automation. These Value- adds and our end to end approach have given us a world-wide reputation of delivering the Right Solutions. We offer customized vision-based inspection, guidance and identification systems manufactured by Cognex. We offer our customers different systems for all electrical engineering design requirements – with a high degree of flexibility and innovative functionality, and are authorized dealers for ePlan Software & Services. We also manufacture control panels for both indoor and outdoor applications in Mild Steel and Stainless Steel. Our product range and capabilities cater to all industries ranging from automobile to process, from oil and gas to infrastructure."
Laser Power & In...,3.6,(180 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 26 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Laser Power & Infra is one of India’s leading Cable & Conductor manufacturing company having valuable experience of more than two and half decades. It is into the manufacturing of LT Power & Control cables, HT cables upto 66 kv, LT & HT Aerial Bunched Cables, Instrumentation cables and AAC, ACSR & AAAC conductors for all verticals. The company has widened its portfolio and has attained a reputed name in the cable industry. Our product caters to wide range of industries including Power Generation and State DISCOMs, Railways, Construction, Defense and many others.Laser Power & Infra has always laid a great emphasis on manufacturing excellence, technological advancement and customer satisfaction. Our in-house process control and quality assurance experts ensure that every customer receives high quality products. This is reflected in its approval and appreciations from customers meeting stringent technical requirements.Laser Power & Infra is equipped with the state-of-the-art machines, hardware, software and infrastructure to make its position in the industry. Being a manufacturer of high quality cables and conductors, the management has played a key role in influencing major decisions and embarking on innovative solutions."
Polestar Solutio...,4.6,(180 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 5 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Polestar enables enterprises in their digital transformation journey by offering Consulting & Implementation Services related to Data, Analytics & Cloud Infrastructure. Our team comprises of BAs, Consultants, Project Managers and Delivery Heads with a Big-4 background. Our experts help you plan, execute and setup processes to accomplish intended business outcome. We have delivered our services for over 120 clients across some prominent and pioneering technologies like #Qlik (Elite Partners), Microsoft #PowerBI (Gold Partners) & #Azure, #Tableau, #SAS and #Anaplan for Enterprise Performance Management. Our in-house research lab has conceived multiple plug-n-play apps, toolkits and plugins to streamline implementation and faster time-to-market. We work in the onsite-offshore mode as well and have delivered for over 120+ clients across several geographies."
Taraashna Financ...,4.1,(180 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 50 more,11 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Taraashna Financial Services Limited (“TFSL”) (Erstwhile Taraashna Services Limited), was incorporated on May 22, 2012 under the Companies Act, 1956 with the Registrar of Companies, National Capital Territory of Delhi and Haryana. TFSL is enabled under its objects to carry on the business of, among other things, the promotion and nurturing of JLG and MSME/ SBL and linking them to banks and other financial institutions for availing different financial services and to provide capacity-building support. TFSL has also commenced providing business correspondence services for secured loans to small businesses, through its Principal Partners."
FIGMD,3.5,(180 Reviews),Private,"Rockford,IL",13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"FIGmd offers software products and services that help healthcare organizations measure and improve clinical quality. FIGmd is a leading clinical data registry solutions and management services provider, operating many of the largest medical society registries in the United States Of America . With several years of experience, FIGmd has pioneered the technology behind seamless, automated, high fidelity data abstraction from EHRs, PM systems and other components of Health IT systems to feed into the clinical data registries."
Evolent Health I...,4.1,(180 Reviews),Public,"Arlington,Virginia + 1 more",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Evolent Health delivers proven clinical and administrative solutions that improve whole-person health while making health care simpler and more affordable. Our three solutions—Evolent Care Partners, New Century Health, and Evolent Health Services—encompass the total cost of care management, specialty care management, and administrative simplification. 

Evolent serves a national base of leading payers and providers, is the first company to receive the National Committee for Quality Assurance's Population Health Program Accreditation, and is consistently recognized as a top place to work in health care nationally."
INDIAN PUBLIC SC...,3.8,(180 Reviews),Private,"Salem,Tamil Nadu + 34 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"TIPS is an institution with a strong foundation in democratic values. We offer a number of programmes catering to varied student interests and talents. These include Montessori, CBSE, Cambridge and IB Programmes. No matter which programme our students choose, they find an enriching and fulfilling curriculum awaiting them, one that develops skills and encourages self-motivation throughout their quest for knowledge to assimilate qualities that enable effortless navigation of an increasingly demanding and complex world.

We empower  our children and young people to identify their latent abilities and capacities, which in turn unleashes their true potential, propelling them to take quantum leaps of progress with confidenc"
Andromeda Sales ...,3.0,(180 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 36 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Andromedaloans.com is the web portal for Andromeda Sales and Distribution Pvt. Ltd. It is India’s largest distributor of loans, mortgage, financing and financial instruments such as credit cards, home loans, unsecured business loans, and car loans. Since 1991, Andromeda has disbursed several financial products to individuals such as home loans, personal loans, loans against property. For businesses, Andromeda provides products such as unsecured dropline overdraft, unsecured business loan, secured business loan (working capital). Andromeda is a DSA or a loan distributor that has partnered with 70 banks and financial institutions to meet your financing needs. Started in Mumbai, it is now present in 68 cities including Delhi, NOIDA, Gurgaon, Bangalore (Bengaluru), Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Pune, Calcutta (Kolkata) and more. This site is built to help you get a loan in the fastest time possible. It also provides useful resources such as EMI calculators, eligibility criteria and tips for all."
Adama,4.4,(180 Reviews),Private,Tel Aviv + 46 more,14 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"ADAMA is one of the world's leading crop protection companies. We strive to Create Simplicity in Agriculture, offering farmers effective products and services that simplify their lives and help them grow. Our more than 7,000 people reach farmers in over 100 countries across the globe, providing them with solutions - herbicides, insecticides, fungicides, plant growth regulators and seed treatments – that improve the quality and quantity of their crop yields by providing protection from weeds, insects and disease. Thus, Adama plays a key role in the effort to increase global food production to feed a growing world population."
Yashi Consulting...,3.9,(180 Reviews),Private,Jaipur + 12 more,18 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"The company offers multidisciplinary technical services with the help of a team of highly qualified and experienced professionals in the field of Engineering Infrastructure Design, Drawing & Estimation, GIS Application based Regional/City Urban Planning, Architecture, Revenue, and Digital Survey.

Presently YCSPL is empaneled with various State Governments and providing its consultancy services in various sectors like the Design of City Engineering Infrastructure for Sewerage, Water Supply, Drainage, Transport, and Green Area Development. The company is providing high tech GIS application based Regional/City level master planning, Architectural Design cum planning for Residential, Commercial, Institutional, industrial and revenue sectors. The company is having State and National recognition in providing consultancy services for low-cost housing. The company has its own in house survey team for conducting Digital Survey by using the latest technology instruments of high-grade accuracy."
Syncfusion,3.7,(180 Reviews),Private,"Morrisville,Carolina",22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Syncfusion is the enterprise technology partner of choice for Windows development, delivering a broad range of .NET components and controls coupled with a service-oriented approach throughout the entire application life cycle. Known for its extremely fast grid control and breaking new ground in ASP.NET MVC and HTML 5 development, Syncfusion has established itself as the trusted partner worldwide for use in mission-critical applications. In an effort to support small and growing businesses, Syncfusion recently partnered with Microsoft's WebsiteSpark and BizSpark programs. With releases every quarter, 24-hour support, and flexible licensing, Syncfusion meets the changing needs of enterprises across the globe. Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, Syncfusion has more than 7,000 customers including large financial institutions, Fortune 100 companies, and global IT consultancies. Active in the development community, Syncfusion takes pride in supporting regional .NET Framework user groups. Syncfusion may be reached at +1 919.481.1974 or www.syncfusion.com. Product inquiries may be directed to sales@syncfusion.com. Join the Syncfusion community: Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Syncfusion/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/Syncfusion LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/sync... Subscribe to Syncfusion on YouTube: http://bit.ly/syncfusionyoutube Sign up to receive email updates: http://bit.ly/syncfusionemail"
Nippon India Mut...,4.5,(180 Reviews),JV,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 72 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Reliance Mutual Fund is now Nippon India Mutual Fund! Our sponsor, Nippon Life Insurance Company, is a 130 year old Japanese institution with total assets of over Rs 49 Lakh Crores. Nippon India Mutual Fund is one of the fastest growing Mutual Funds in India, and offers investors a well-rounded portfolio of investments products and has a presence in 300 cities across the country. We come to you with a renewed energy with sharp focus on our core values that have been our foundation for over 25 years. We will continue to strive to help you achieve your investment goals."
A2Z Group,3.9,(312 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 32 more,21 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Mr. Amit Mittal, an IITian, had put the foundation for the present day A2Z Group with the objective of providing engineering solutions for nearly all critical verticals of infrastructure sector like Power, Telecom, Infrastructure Cleaning & Maintenance and Waste Management. A2Z Group is diversified business group engaged in providing Infrastructure Engineering Solutions for Power & Telecom sectors, Facility Management Services, Municipal Solid Waste Management, Renewable Energy Generation Projects and Facility Management – Home Services, across India and a few overseas locations. Founded in 2002, the Group offers top-notch, innovative, well-tailored and cost-effective solutions and services for leading organizations in both private and public sectors, in India and abroad.

In recent years, the A2Z Group has proved its credentials as a dynamic organization on the path of continuous growth. We have diversified our customer segments and started businesses that directly touch and improve the day-to-day lives of both, individuals and households. Our latest endeavours include Magic Genie Home Services, Eco-Tech Green Toilet with zero effluent discharge which has been turned into 'Bus Shelter-cum-Green Toilet' product, environment-friendly battery-driven bicycle - E-Hiran which run on electric power and Magic Brick made using Municipal Solid Waste.

We have a dedicated team of over 15000 dedicated employees contributing to our Pan-India geographical presence. Our experienced and dedicated team of professionals, employ sophisticated technologies and state-of-the-art equipment to complete the projects on time. We believe in using an out-of-the-box approach in all our projects. We consider that integrity and reliability are the cornerstones of a successful business and we proudly adorn these virtues.

Our consolidated turnover stood at Rs. 700+ crores for the Financial Year 2017-18, which reflects our persistence, knowledge and vision."
ACG Worldwide,4.1,(212 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 11 more",62 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"As the world gets smaller, the competitive advantage lies with those who are armed with foresight and agility. In the last 50 years, we’ve been redefining the industry through extensive R&D investments and strategic alliances to become the preferred partner for integrated manufacturing solutions for everything needed in the capsule and tablet manufacturing value chains.

Founded in 1964 by brothers Ajit and Jasjit Singh, the journey began out of a quarry supply building in Mumbai. Five decades later, we stand as the only supplier across continents to deliver end-to-end manufacturing solutions for the pharmaceutical industry.

Our alliance with some of the global giants and industry leaders has ensured that we’re always ahead of the curve and prepared for the next. Our robust network of partners across the globe helps us deliver the best consistently.

For over five decades, we’ve been powering businesses with a robust ensemble of integrated solutions across the world. Our technical expertise and commitment to excellence are what make us industry leaders and the most preferred end-to-end supplier in the world."
TCI Supply Chain...,4.3,(179 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 30 more",65 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"TCI Supply Chain Solutions is a Single Window enabler of Logistics and Supply Chain solutions encompassing all the needs of a value seeking progressive client – right from ‘conceptualization to implementation’.With a mission to be the most admired service provider of integrated supply chain solutions, TCI Supply chain brings a lot of commitment in its partnerships with its clients.Operating in the value space with a rich talent pool with global exposure and local knowledge, TCI SCS is able to provide innovative, customized and path-breaking solutions.TCI SCS has expertise in key verticals such as Auto, Omni-Channel Retail, Hi-tech &Telecom, Chemicals, Healthcare and Cold Chain.An in-house team of Supply Chain Analysts blend the clients objectives with a Supply Chain Design – be it a new organization or an organization seeking to re-engineer its supply chain."
Sedemac Mechatro...,4.3,(179 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 2 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"A technology company in the true sense of the word, SEDEMAC specialises in developing control intensive products for small engines and powertrains for on-road and off-road applications. While adjectives like innovative, application-specific, and disruptive may be buzzwords for many, for SEDEMAC, they define our DNA. Starting off as a lab-based enterprise out of IIT – Bombay in 2007-08, SEDEMAC has gradually evolved to emerge as the go-to name for many globally renowned OEMs that are looking for a partner who understands not just their needs, but those of the market as well. We often employ a clean slate approach to product development that focuses on the physics first, enabling us to address specific requirements effectively."
Pierian Services,3.8,(179 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 13 more",21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"PIERIAN is a leading Global Business Services company, providing a range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, and operations management. Our clients include some of the best-known global brands as well as start ups. We help them work smarter and achieve accelerated growth through process transformation, digital technology enablement, and creation and management of value-generating business services. We particularly address critical challenges in risk management, compliance, and regulatory and corporate governance."
Rajasthan Patrik...,3.3,(179 Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 34 more",67 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"One of the largest Media Conglomerates in India, Patrika Group is known for its journalistic values and high credibility. Aptly called the ‘newspaper with a soul’, It was founded by Karpoor Chandra Kulish in 1956. It is read by a total of 31.42 million readers across India. Rajasthan Patrika is also amongst the top three most trusted newspapers (as per BBC-Reuters survey). It also stands amongst country’s five community newspapers, as per AMIC UNESCO. Forbes describes it as ‘Keeping readers above advertisers’. The ‘New York Times describes it as ‘Civic-minded hyper-local with large circulation.’ Wharton University article describes it as ‘Publishing House with PAN India presence.’ Patrika Group reaches 9 states, with 38 editions. With covering the 50% of India’s Hindi Heartland, the Patrika Group has marked its presence in almost every region of India with Rajasthan Patrika being the only Hindi daily to effectively cover the Southern parts of India. Patrika Group offers a complete multimedia surround with its various verticals, viz. Print, Digital, Radio, Cable, Billboards, Television, Events, Entertainment, Social Initiatives etc. PATRIKA EDITORIAL Continuing the Values Rajasthan Patrika Group is a renowned name in today’s world of Media. While keeping the flag fly high with journalistic values, the group has been setting a benchmark in its quality and analytical reportage on varied subjects. Known for its prestigious reputation PATRIKA is not just a News paper; it is working as an institution par excellence."
VSoft Technologi...,3.6,(179 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 13 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Incorporated in 2004 as the Indian arm of the Atlanta basedVSoftCorporation,VSoft TechnologiesPvt. Ltd. caters to the Indian Banking and Financial Institutions Sector withtechnologyproducts and platform based BPO services in the core banking and payments domain."
Rajasthan Patrik...,3.3,(179 Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 34 more",67 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"One of the largest Media Conglomerates in India, Patrika Group is known for its journalistic values and high credibility. Aptly called the ‘newspaper with a soul’, It was founded by Karpoor Chandra Kulish in 1956. It is read by a total of 31.42 million readers across India. Rajasthan Patrika is also amongst the top three most trusted newspapers (as per BBC-Reuters survey). It also stands amongst country’s five community newspapers, as per AMIC UNESCO. Forbes describes it as ‘Keeping readers above advertisers’. The ‘New York Times describes it as ‘Civic-minded hyper-local with large circulation.’ Wharton University article describes it as ‘Publishing House with PAN India presence.’ Patrika Group reaches 9 states, with 38 editions. With covering the 50% of India’s Hindi Heartland, the Patrika Group has marked its presence in almost every region of India with Rajasthan Patrika being the only Hindi daily to effectively cover the Southern parts of India. Patrika Group offers a complete multimedia surround with its various verticals, viz. Print, Digital, Radio, Cable, Billboards, Television, Events, Entertainment, Social Initiatives etc. PATRIKA EDITORIAL Continuing the Values Rajasthan Patrika Group is a renowned name in today’s world of Media. While keeping the flag fly high with journalistic values, the group has been setting a benchmark in its quality and analytical reportage on varied subjects. Known for its prestigious reputation PATRIKA is not just a News paper; it is working as an institution par excellence."
VSoft Technologi...,3.6,(179 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 13 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Incorporated in 2004 as the Indian arm of the Atlanta basedVSoftCorporation,VSoft TechnologiesPvt. Ltd. caters to the Indian Banking and Financial Institutions Sector withtechnologyproducts and platform based BPO services in the core banking and payments domain."
Celebi Delhi Car...,4.1,(179 Reviews),Istanbul + 4 more,65 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"With a history of over half a century, Çelebi had set benchmarks as an airport services provider globally including Ground Handling, Cargo, Passenger, Ramp, Warehouse Management, Trucking, General Aviation, Airport lounge management and VIP/CIP Services. Çelebi’s brand is highly recognized globally, and aims to differentiate as a leading hub operator, innovative partner to its customers, specialized on Low-Cost Carrier (LCC) requirements, a proven and experienced BOT provider with a proven record on Cargo Hub development in Delhi International Airport, currently focusing on Integrated Cargo Hub development in Istanbul. Serving just under 300 thousand flights and handling close to a Million Tons a year, Çelebi leads the markets in Turkey and India while accelerating its expansion into Middle-East and Asia-Pacific region."
Schneider Electr...,4.1,(179 Reviews),Public,Rueil-Malmaison + 19 more,187 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We embrace our purpose to make energy mean something. A digitized, sustainable energy landscape is what we’re building for people, homes, and business.

At Schneider Electric, we believe access to energy and digital is a basic human right. We empower all to make the most of their energy and resources, ensuring Life Is On everywhere, for everyone, at every moment.

We provide energy and automation digital solutions for efficiency and sustainability. We combine world-leading energy technologies, real-time automation, software and services into integrated solutions for Homes, Buildings, Data Centers, Infrastructure and Industries.

We are committed to unleash the infinite possibilities of an open, global, innovative community that is passionate about our Meaningful Purpose, Inclusive and Empowered values."
Emirates Airline...,4.0,(179 Reviews),Private,"Dubai,Dubai + 14 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Based in Dubai, the Emirates Group employs over 103,363 staff from more than 160 nationalities. The Emirates Group’s extensive and diverse international portfolio includes the world’s largest international airline, Emirates, and one of the largest combined air services provider in the world, dnata. For the year financial year ending 2017-18, the Emirates Group posted a profit of AED 4.1 billion (US$ 1.1 billion). Within the Group there are a diverse range of businesses which offer a wide spectrum of career opportunities, all of which can be explored through the Group's dedicated careers website, emirates.com/careers"
Etech Global Ser...,4.2,(179 Reviews),Private,"Nacogdoches,Texas + 2 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Etech Global Services is a servant leader organization committed to making a remarkable difference for each other, our customers, and within our communities. Etech offers a suite of services that includes inbound and outbound customer care, quality monitoring and analytics, email, live chat, technical support, back office support, and software development."
Spm Autocomp,3.6,(179 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 9 more",28 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"SPM Autocomp Systems Pvt. Ltd. is India's largest manufacturer of Exhaust Manifolds. SPM has set up state of the art manufacturing facilities at IMT Manasar, Gurgaon (Haryana) in Northern India which falls within the National Capital Region and is well connected to New Delhi, at MIDC Industrial Area, Ranjangaon, Pune, very well connected to Mumbai port and at Pithampur, Madhaya Pradesh center of IndiaSPM has been established primarily to cater to the domestic and international needs of passenger and commercial vehicle market. The current product portfolio includes Exhaust Manfiolds, Turbocharger Housings, Differential Case, Steering Knuckles.SPM has an impressive customer basket comprising of automotive companies like Maruti Suzuki, Jaguar Land Rover,Tata Motors, Hyundai Motors, Ford Motors, General Motors, Fiat and Honda in passenger car market and Daimler, Ashok Leyland, Volvo Eicher and Tata Cummins in commercial vehicle market. SPM enjoys a single source status with almost all its customers."
Sekisui Dljm Mol...,3.8,(179 Reviews),JV,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 11 more",12 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"M/s Sekisui Chemical Ltd. japan & M/s Dipty Lal Judge Mal pvt. ltd. India has formed JV company M/s Sekisui DLJM Molding Pvt. Ltd. in august 2011. company undertakes product design, development, Injection Molding, PU Painting, Chrome Plating, Special Decoration and manufacturing of Sub Assembled Systems using Latest Generation Engineering Polymers PA 46, PA 66, PBT, ASA, PC, ABS, etc.The product categories includes Automotive Lighting Parts, Steering Garnishes, Air Bag Cover, Metal to Plastic converted precision Engine components like Air Intake Manifold, Cylinder Head Cover, Electroplated Parts like Head Lamp & Fog Lamp Garnish. In HMV segment Air Filter Body. Sekisui DLJM have four World-Class manufacturing facilities in NCR & Chennai, India and R&D center in Japan. Shortly starting new plant in Gujarat, Sekisui DLJM with its exponential growth is clocking revenue of 50 million USD in 2018-19. The company is IATF 16949, ISO 14001, OHSAS certified."
Virchow Biotech,3.6,(179 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 4 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"THE VIRCHOW GROUPwith an operational experience of over 4 decades has a global footprint in over 100 countries supporting about 3,500 employees with an annual turnover of over $600 million. The Virchow Group has a diversified business portfolio ranging from Biogenerics, Pharmaceuticals, Medical devices, and APIs. The group is thelargest producer of Sulfamethoxazole and Ranitidine Hydrochloridein the world."
Sedemac Mechatro...,4.3,(179 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 2 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"A technology company in the true sense of the word, SEDEMAC specialises in developing control intensive products for small engines and powertrains for on-road and off-road applications. While adjectives like innovative, application-specific, and disruptive may be buzzwords for many, for SEDEMAC, they define our DNA. Starting off as a lab-based enterprise out of IIT – Bombay in 2007-08, SEDEMAC has gradually evolved to emerge as the go-to name for many globally renowned OEMs that are looking for a partner who understands not just their needs, but those of the market as well. We often employ a clean slate approach to product development that focuses on the physics first, enabling us to address specific requirements effectively."
Pitambari Produc...,4.1,(179 Reviews),Private,"Thane,Maharashtra + 26 more",37 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Its almost 30 years we came into being with a strong commitment towards attaining 100% customer satisfaction , Pitambari Products Pvt. Ltd embarked on its business journey in 1986. The company came into fruition when Mr. Ravindra Prabhudesai & his father Late Mr. Vamanrao Prabhudesai turned their vision into reality. The idea was to create a dynamic organization, where hard work, integrity, honesty & improvisation would be the guiding principles. Today we are the top manufacturers &exporters in our domain offering an array of premium quality products under the flagship brand Pitambari."
Sundaram Busines...,3.5,(179 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 6 more,22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sundaram Business Services (SBS) is a global business process transformation company building sustainable business processes through Automation Solutions and Extended Office Support, with over 400 employees, servicing over 100 clients across three continents. We help customers achieve higher efficiency by controlling costs and reducing risk, while leveraging on our experience, to improve operations. Our engagement with customers has proven to create sustainable value while maintaining high levels of profitability.SBS offers business transformation experience, helping businesses with its innovative and streamlined service offerings across verticals. Our service offering is a combination of operational excellence, automation and deep domain expertise. SBS provides services for SMSF administrators, accounting firms, investment & portfolio management companies, mortgage brokers and aggregators, hospitality & leisure. SBS also provides outsourced CFO Support to corporates and is industry agnostic"
Pierian Services,3.8,(179 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 13 more",21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"PIERIAN is a leading Global Business Services company, providing a range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, and operations management. Our clients include some of the best-known global brands as well as start ups. We help them work smarter and achieve accelerated growth through process transformation, digital technology enablement, and creation and management of value-generating business services. We particularly address critical challenges in risk management, compliance, and regulatory and corporate governance."
Hamleys,4.0,(179 Reviews),Private,London + 35 more,263 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"For over 250 years Hamleys of London has been The Finest Toy Shop in the World bringing magical experiences and joy to children of all ages.  Hamleys rich history began with William Hamley, a Cornishman from Bodmin, England. William Hamley dreamed of the best toy shop in the world when opening his toy shop at Holborn, London in 1760.  The success of Hamleys continued over the years and in 1881 Hamleys opened on London's Regent Street.  Today, Hamleys’ flag ship London store, with over 50,000 toys across 7 floors, resides at 188-196 Regent Street, London.

At the end of 2013 Hamleys has 31 international stores across Europe, Middle East, India and Asia operated through franchising. With a further 9 stores in the UK and Ireland, operated by Hamleys, the number of  stores is 40 worldwide."
Aquity Solutions,3.7,(179 Reviews),Cary + 11 more,24 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Aquity Solutions delivers measurable healthcare business improvements through industry-leading Fluency HIM, RCM, and CDI technology. Our virtual scribe, medical coding, interim management, and medical transcription services accurately capture the complete patient story. Seamlessly integrating with your EHR and documentation workflow, Aquity delivers better data and better services to achieve better clinical and financial results."
Expertrons,3.8,(179 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 4 more",4 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Sonalika Group o...,3.9,(1.5k Reviews),Private,Hoshiarpur + 31 more,54 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Sonalika International Tractors stands strong as 3rd largest tractor manufacturing company in the country with the bestselling tractors ranging from 20HP-120 HP. The company is well recognized in both Domestic and International market as a formidable player & has earned the trust of over 9 lakh patrons in more than 100 countries across the globe.
The Company has established World's No.1 largest integrated tractor manufacturing plant which has a production capacity of 3 lakh tractor annually.
Since its inception in 1996, Sonalika ITL has come a long way to become the No.1 tractor brand in 4 countries (Nepal, Bangladesh, Algeria, Myanmar) & is the 3rd largest tractor manufacturer in India. Owing to its customer centric approach, Sonalika has registered its success globally through sheer dedication towards serving farmers and making their lives easier. Sonalika understands the needs of the farmers and provides them tailor made farm mechanized solutions. We are driven by the zeal to try newer ideas to meet the emerging demands in farming and improving the lives of the farmers.
51 Skill Development Training Centers have been set up across the country to provide farmers training opportunities on proper usage of tractors and farm implements."
STAR,3.8,(258 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 25 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"We take pride in being able to form deep human connections with the power of our storytelling. Our legacy is in creating iconic characters that have entertained the nation. We are at the heart of Indian life, bringing joy and aspirations to everyone, everywhere.
With the commitment to develop superior quality entertainment for every region in India, we broadcast in Hindi, Marathi, Bengali, Tamil, Malayalam, Kannada and Telugu. Through our bouquet of English channels, we bring the best of global content to the country – be it the latest seasons of the biggest television shows or brand-new Hollywood premieres."
The Saraswat Co-...,3.8,(228 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 25 more",105 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Marching parallel to the evolving timeline of India, Saraswat Bank enters into its 102nd year of service to the people. After established in 1918, the Bank has witnessed important world events like the First World War, Second World War, India’s freedom struggle and the glorious post independence era. Standing the test of time, it has grown to be a pioneer in the urban co-operative banking sector in India, offering unparalleled financial services.Towering above its competitors and growing soundly for a century, Saraswat Bank today is the largest Urban Co-operative Bank in India and is spread across six states – Maharashtra, Goa, Gujarat, Delhi, Madhya Pradesh and Karnataka. With a total business of Rs.61,000 crore plus, 280 plus branches, and 266 ATMs, the Bank is committed to taking its legacy ahead with outstanding service."
Indo German Tool...,3.9,(178 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 10 more",28 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"MSME TOOL ROOM, Indore was known as INDO GERMAN TOOL ROOM, Indore, established in 1995. One of the leading TOOL ROOM in Central part of India.Tool Room was established with assistance from Federal Republic of Germany and Government of India.Madhya Pradesh Government has provided us land, building, and necessary infrastructure. We are engaged in designing and manufacturing of Press Tools (Sheet metal dies), Plastics Injection Moulds, Die Casting dies, Jigs , Fixtures & Gauges along with other precision job work on CNC machining center, CNC EDM and Wire-cut etc.We also conduct recognized Long, Medium as well as Short-term Technical Training courses for all types of Industries.Our long term courses are recognized by AICTE or NCVT."
Tega Industries,3.8,(178 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 14 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1976, Tega Industries Limited is a global leader in the design and production of consumables for the mineral beneficiation, mining and bulk solids handling industry. Headquartered in Kolkata, India, Tega offers a range of abrasion & wear resistant products and services required for mining, mineral processing, screening, grinding, material handling and beneficiation of minerals. Tega’s philosophy is to uphold traditional values through empowerment of professionals, providing technical and economically unrivalled solutions to complex problems in mining, beneficiation, power, material handling and engineering."
Yara Fertilisers,4.0,(178 Reviews),Oslo + 29 more,118 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Yara grows knowledge to responsibly feed the world and protect the planet. Supporting our vision of a world without hunger, we pursue a strategy of sustainable value growth, promoting climate-friendly and high-yielding crop nutrition solutions for the world’s farming community and food industry.
Yara’s ambition is to be the Crop Nutrition Company for the Future. We are committed to creating value for our customers, shareholders and society at large, as we work to develop a more sustainable food value chain. To achieve our ambition, we have taken the lead in developing digital farming tools for precision farming, and work closely with partners throughout the food value chain to improve the efficiency and sustainability of agriculture and food production.

Founded in 1905 to solve the emerging famine in Europe, Yara has established a unique position as the industry’s only global crop nutrition company. With our integrated business model and a worldwide presence of around 16,000 employees and operations in over 60 countries, we offer a proven track record of responsible and reliable returns. In 2019, Yara reported revenues of USD 12.9 billion."
Luxor Writing In...,3.7,(178 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 25 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Luxor is the brand leader in Indian Writing Instrument Industry. Luxor Group today is a diversified group having business interests in different areas viz writing Instruments and stationery products, Real Estate, Hospitality, Fiber Optics, Nano Technology, Tablets & digital Office Products.A pioneer in Writing Instruments manufacturing; the industry major has re-invented Brand Luxor and brought world-famous brands like Parker, Pilot, and Waterman under the Group's umbrella to serve the Indian consumer market.Luxor pioneered the Writing Instruments industry in India fifty Four years ago and today it is India's leading Premium fine Writing Brand, since its inception it has added many laurels to its credit, ""Best Exporter Award"" for twelve consecutive years, Selected Super brand India award, Parker trusted brand award are some of the awards bagged by Luxor. Today we are one of the largest companies in South Asia in our category of writing instruments having a large share of the industry in India."
CARE Ratings,3.2,(178 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 14 more,30 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"CARE Ratings commenced operations in April 1993 and in over 25 years, it has established itself as the second-largest credit rating agency in India. With the rating volume of debt of around Rs. 128.37 lakh crores (as on March 31, 2019) , CARE Ratings is proud of its rightful place in the Indian capital market built around investor confidence.CARE Ratings has emerged as the leading agency for covering many rating segments including manufacturing, infrastructure, financial sector including banks, non-financial services among others.

CARE Ratings provides the entire spectrum of credit rating that helps the corporates to raise capital for their various requirements and assists the investors to form an informed investment decision based on the credit risk and their own risk-return expectations. Our rating and grading service offerings leverage our domain and analytical expertise backed by the methodologies congruent with the international best practices."
Shalimar Paints,3.7,(178 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 37 more",121 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Shalimar Paints is India’s oldest and iconic paint brand. Backed by over a century-old legacy, Shalimar stands for the Art & Science of Paints. Drawing from our expertise of over 115 years, we not only offer beautiful, aesthetically rich paints in every imaginable shade, but make high performance, superior quality, durable products. At Shalimar, every drop of paint is a perfect blend of aesthetics and the right chemistry. That is why we say, no one knows paints better than us!"
Kauvery Hospital,4.0,(178 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 8 more",24 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Kauvery Hospital is a leading, multi-specialty hospital offering best-in-class medical services for nearly 2 decades. With a paramount focus on patient care, patient safety, and patient satisfaction, we are committed to offering exemplary medical services going beyond the norm of healthcare."
NGA HR,3.9,(178 Reviews),Private,"Hemel Hempstead,Hertfordshire + 13 more",54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At NGA Human Resources our mission is to make HR work better. We help organizations worldwide pioneer digital HR, master payroll, ensure compliance, unlock workforce data, and deliver best-in-class HR operations. As a result, HR leaders can create better employee experiences, save money, and transform their organizations"
Saama Technologi...,4.0,(178 Reviews),Private,"Campbell,California + 2 more",26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Saama is the number one AI-powered clinical analytics cloud platform company, unleashing wisdom from data to deliver better actionable business outcomes for the life sciences industry. Saama’s unified AI-driven clinical data analytics cloud platform, seamlessly integrates, curates, and animates unlimited sources of structured, unstructured, and real-world data to deliver actionable insights."
Cargo Motors,3.9,(178 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 19 more",64 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"About Us
Mr. Yash Pal Nanda founded Cargo Motors in 1959 and since then we have been a leading family-owned business, primarily in the automotive industry. Our hard work has been recognized year after year with awards for achievement in sales, service and customer satisfaction. Now a third generation group continues their father’s and grandfather’s commitment to excellent service through passion, dedication and continuous innovations. Presently we are operational in Delhi, Gujarat, Punjab and Rajasthan through 73 sales outlets and 30 workshops. Our position is re-affirmed every year by bagging awards for achievement in sales, service and customer satisfaction. Each member of our executive leadership team brings immense hard-earned industry experience to the table. With a proven track record of positive results at every step of the way, this elite group sets the tone for outstanding performance and sustained excellence. Their collective attributes, alongside their dedication to growth and service, makes Cargo Motors the business pioneer in every sense."
Chaitanya India ...,4.1,(178 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 72 more",14 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Chaitanya started out as an NGO in 2007 in the village of Nayakanatti and two years later got a NBFC license from RBI in the year 2009 as Chaitanya India Fin Credit Pvt. Ltd(CIFCPL). With the formation of Chaitanya Rural Intermediation Development Services(CRIDS), Chaitanya has now grown into a Multi Region Multi Product financial institution focused primarily on the rural sector. With over 1000 employees serving across 5 states of the country, Chaitanya’s core values of Discipline, Transparency, Fairness, Meritocracy, Continuous Learning and Respect are at the foundation of its decision making process and strives to instill those amicable values into its workforce."
Mashreq Global S...,3.5,(178 Reviews),Private,Dubai + 5 more,18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mashreq Global Services (MGS) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Dubai-headquartered Mashreqbank psc, the oldest private bank in the United Arab Emirates (UAE)."
HDFC Mutual Fund,4.0,(178 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 60 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"HDFC Mutual Fund is a Mutual Fund, which has been constituted as a trust in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Trusts Act, 1882 and is registered with SEBI. HDFC Mutual Fund offers various schemes like Equity funds, Debt funds, Liquid funds, Exchange Traded funds etc to retail and institutional investors."
MBD GROUP,3.9,(178 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 28 more,67 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"MBD Group, one of the leading education companies in India with over 6 decades of experience, under the futuristic vision of the founder of the Group Shri Ashok Kumar Malhotra has diversified into various industries including E- Learning, M-Learning, Skill Development, Eco Friendly Notebooks, Paper Manufacturing, ICT Infrastructure, Hospitality, Real Estate, Mall Development and Management. MBD Group has been continuously working for the cause of providing education to all with its vision to create “MBD Product for every literate person”. The Group has also ventured into the South African and Sri-Lankan markets with its basket of education services.
Today, MBD Group has its presence in 3 continents, 30 countries and 5000 cities, and publishes 50 million books a year and around 30 million notebooks. The Group has a large number of employees and a wide network of distributors and booksellers across the country. MBD Group is the only publisher which publishes books for all classes, all subjects, all educational boards in India and in most of the languages spoken in the country along with a few international languages. MBD is the only publishing house in India with complete backward and forward integration, right from self-owned paper manufacturing unit to in-house pre-press facilities, in-house printing and binding units, and also its own distribution network with 29 branch offices pan India.
MBD Group’s e-learning venture, MBD Alchemie, is aleading provider of learning technology solutions with an overall experience of more than a decade in eLearning. The company has implemented Ecademy (digital solutions) in 1500+ schools across the country and has trained more than 30000 teachers in ICT. Digital content developed by MBD Alchemie is being used by millions of students around the globe.
The Group has also successfully established itself in the hospitality industry with its maiden venture, The Radisson Blu MBD Hotel, Noida (Delhi NCR). This hotel is fully owned and managed by the MBD Group and is the first five star luxury hotel in Noida. It has won numerous awards in various categories, be it for the best hotel or the best-rated restaurants. The second venture of the Group is the Radisson Blu Hotel in Ludhiana which is also the first 5 star luxury hotel in that region.
The MBD Group has also ventured into premium and luxury mixed-use developments. The premium mixed use developments, encompassing a 5-star hotel, premium retail and entertainment under the brand name “MBD Neopolis” are being operated successfully in Ludhiana and Jalandhar."
The Dow Chemical...,4.4,(178 Reviews),Private,"Midland,Michigan + 9 more",66 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Dow combines one of the broadest technology sets in the industry with asset integration, focused innovation and a global scale to achieve profitable growth and become the most innovative, customer-centric, inclusive and sustainable materials science company. Our portfolio of performance materials, industrial intermediates, and plastics businesses deliver a broad range of differentiated science-based products and solutions for our customers in high-growth segments, such as packaging, infrastructure, and consumer care. We operate 113 manufacturing sites in 31 countries and employs approximately 37,000 people."
Hollister Medica...,4.2,(178 Reviews),Illinois + 6 more,102 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"Hollister Incorporated is an independent, employee-owned company that develops, manufactures, and markets healthcare products and services worldwide.

We offer advanced medical products for Ostomy Care, which includes two strong global brands – Hollister Ostomy and Dansac Ostomy; Continence Care; and Critical Care. We also provide innovative healthcare programs and services, as well as educational materials for patients and healthcare professionals.

Hollister has been serving healthcare professionals and patients for more than 95 years — making a difference in the journey of life for people throughout the global community."
Hygienic Researc...,4.4,(178 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 27 more",66 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hygienic Research Institute Private Limited (HRIPL) is a prominent Indian beauty and personal care products’ company with its interests in hair care, skin care, and salon services’ products. HRIPL’s beauty care portfolio includes two of the foremost hair colour and care brands in the category namely Vasmol and Streax. HRIPL also has sizeable presence in skin care segment with its first brand Florozone. Cutting edge research, use of proven natural ingredients and technology tie-ups with world’s leading cosmetic and research companies has made HRIPL products deliver the best in class quality. An ISO 9001 : 2015 certificated company HRIPL products adhere to Indian BIS quality standards and FDA norms of many prominent countries worldwide. HRIPL products are highly popular in Middle East, SAARC and Far Eastern countries. Its flagship brand Vasmol has 96% share in the Kesh Kala segment of the hair colouring format. The powder colours under Vasmol are market leaders in 6 Indian states. Starting from a single manufacturing unit in Mumbai in the 1950s, HRIPL today has 6 functional production locations catering to the ever growing demand for its range of products."
Sterling Hospita...,4.0,(178 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 11 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established as a multistage tertiary care hospital in 2001, it is today, the market leader in private chain of hospitals across Western India. It is owned and managed by Sterling Addlife India Pvt. Ltd. Persisting on its corporate philosophy of patient centric approach, ethical medical practices, and world-class healthcare, Sterling has been offering a range of high quality medical and surgical care in a host of critical specialties. Of the four multi-specialty hospitals that Sterling has across Gujarat; Ahmedabad (298 beds), Vadodara (192 beds) and Rajkot (190 beds) and Gandhidham (135 beds). Sterling Hospitals has now ventured into the diversified field of Diagnostics & Home healthcare as Accuris & Asilia respectively. While, Sterling Genesis is into the field of Infertility Solutions. Vision - Sterling Hospitals is driven by a vision of becoming a preferred choice for ethical, superior and holistic healthcare solutions. As an organization, we would like to have a humane, viable and patient-centric approach. Culture - Stress-free work environment, freedom of expressing thoughts and ideas, appreciation for innovations, support in decision making are few of the highlights of our positive Work Culture. We at Sterling have successfully been able to convert the diversities into ‘One Sterling Family.’ Accolades & Accreditions: Sterling Ahmedabad -1st Corporate Hospital in Gujarat to get accredited by NABH for excellence and quality in healthcare. Its Pathology Lab has become the first corporate hospital laboratory in Gujarat to get NABL accreditation Sterling Vadodara -1st Corporate Hospital to be accredited by NABH & NABL in South Gujarat. Sterling Rajkot - Accredited by NABH. It has received Best Multi-specialty Hospital-Metro by ICICI Lombard & CNBC TV 18 Healthcare Awards 2013. It has also received Best Hospital Honor, 4 times (2007/08/09/11) under THE WEEK Survey."
Dinshaws,4.1,(178 Reviews),Private,"Nagpur,Maharashtra + 29 more",91 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in 1933, we are acknowledged as one of India’s leading manufacturer that provides consumers with Ice cream and dairy products of global standards. Since its existence, the Company insists on honesty, integrity and fairness in all aspects of its business. This has earned it the trust and respect of every strata of society since 84 years."
DSV - Global Tra...,4.2,(178 Reviews),Hedehusene + 21 more,47 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"We provide and manage supply chain solutions for thousands of companies every day – from the small family run business to the large global corporation. Our reach is global, yet our presence is local and close to our customers. 60,000 employees in more than 90 countries work passionately to deliver great customer experiences and high-quality services"
ClearTax,3.5,(1.3k Reviews),Private,"Bengaluru/Bangalore,Karnataka + 7 more",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At ClearTax (www.cleartax.in), we are on a mission to simplify financial lives for all Indians. We are India’s leading fintech company, helping individuals, tax practitioners and businesses master taxes and save money and time through hassle-free filings. We build 100% cloud-based secure, smart, and yet simple-to-use advanced financial products. 

We are trusted by over 5M individuals, 80,000 tax practitioners, 600,000 small businesses, and 1,200 large businesses, and hence, we trust only the experts to build them for you. Designed by over 60 in-house chartered accountants and over 200 engineers, our products help derive maximum tax savings with maximum ease in under 7 minutes. 

For individuals, we offer IT returns filing, mutual fund investments and expert-assisted services. For tax professionals, we offer comprehensive GST, ITR, and TDS filing solutions. For small and large businesses, our product suite covers GST, e-Waybill, e-Invoicing, and a range of ClearTax-managed services. Please reach out to us at india-sales@cleartax.in for a quick demo. 

We love to stay ahead of the curve, believe in continuous improvement, and pre-empt regulatory changes. This helped us be 100% ready with new GST and e-Invoicing regimes in advance. And staying true to our DNA, we are developing solutions to simplify finances further, beyond taxation and compliance. 

We were incubated in Y Combinator and are funded by Silicon Valley investors, including PayPal co-founders Peter Theil's Founders Fund, Max Levchin, and Scott Banister - an early investor in Facebook and Uber. We initially raised $15.5M with investors including Sequoia Capital and SAIF Partners. 

In October 2018, we raised $50M in series B funding from Composite Capital. We know where we want to be and are well-equipped with capital and a passionate team, to continue our growth and product journey."
Mr Cooper,4.4,(291 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,Texas + 2 more",29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are Mr. Cooper, the nation’s largest non-bank mortgage servicer and a leading mortgage lender. And we’re here to keep the dream of homeownership alive. Our HQ is located in Dallas, TX, with major outposts in Irvine, CA; Chandler, AZ; Longview, TX; Highlands Ranch, CO; and Chennai, India. We have a total of ninety offices all over the USA, and we’re always on the lookout for awesome people to join our team."
Stanley Black & ...,4.0,(254 Reviews),Private,New Britain + 16 more,180 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"For the builders and protectors, for the makers and explorers, for those shaping and reshaping our world through hard work and inspiration, Stanley Black & Decker provides the tools and innovative solutions you can trust to get the job done—and we have since 1843. You repair your home and car with the tools we provide. Your car and your phone are secured with our fasteners. The things you value most can be protected by our security systems. And the roads you drive on, the bridges you cross, the energy you consume, all of these most likely came to you via one of our infrastructure systems. We join forces to bring together the best of the best to create practical, meaningful products and services that make life easier—empowering people to do better, safer, more significant work. Innovation and excellence have powered our success, but we know there’s more we can do for the world and those who make it. Across our businesses, we’re investing in breakthrough innovation and digital excellence, striving for outperformance and increasing our focus on social responsibility. We define success as: delivering value to our customers, colleagues and communities. Our commitment to quality, safety and sustainabilityhelps us on our path to becoming the type of uniquely human-centered global industrial company that keeps every stakeholder in mind, while helping to make the world better."
Nidec Corporatio...,4.0,(183 Reviews),Private,Kyoto + 15 more,50 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Development, manufacturing, and sales of small precision motors, automotive motors, home appliance motors, commercial and industrial motors, motors for machinery, electronic and optical components, and other related products.

Find the location, capital, sales breakdown, business performance and other basic corporate information.

Nidec Group specializes and handles motor application products based on ""everything that spins and moves,"" centering around a motor business that comprises an expansive product line from small precision to supersized motors.

These products are used in all kinds of objects and devices around us that are critical to our lives and society."
Agarwal Packers ...,3.8,(177 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 32 more",36 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Agarwal Packers and Movers Ltd., one of the largest Logistics companies in India, evolved from a small scale business of Agarwal Household Carrier established in 1987 and functioned particularly for the shifting of household goods. Incepted by vision and hard efforts of Shri Ramesh Agarwal and Shri Rajender Agarwal, the company moved ahead towards the path of growth. This evolution takes place on the solid grounds of expansion in terms of proficient and customer-satisfactory services. We have followed the principles of growth ever since our inception.

Our determination and hard work has made us today the foremost and unparalleled service provider in the Packing and Moving industry. Although we had a small start, we never failed to undergo expansion in our all domains. We now, not only provide the best-in-class services for household shifting but also provide superlative services in corporate and international shifting divisions, moreover we are the solution provider of logistics industry. Our strong will has today made our group, Agarwal Movers Group, a proud Rs. 650 Crores business conglomerate which has a diversified interest in Aviation Logistics, Packing and Moving (nationally as well as internationally), Transportation, 3PL, Warehousing, Home Storage, Supply Chain, ODC Transportation, Cube-on-line Freight station and other related activities. We possess a fleet of more than 1000 vehicles, 5000 cubes, 15 lac square feet of ultra-secure warehouses, a wide international presence and an establishment of 103 self-owned offices in various cities serving 1264 destinations within India. Our growth has been remarkable and rapid. Within three decades of inception followed by extensive growth, APML has emerged as the India’s largest mover of household goods, also recognized by Limca book of Records.As a part of our expansion, we have never lacked behind to update ourselves technologically and provide proficient services to our customers. We are characterized by growth and innovation. Agarwal Movers Group has provided some of the most advanced services to our customers. Our aim has always been to provide systematic shifting of goods which is reliable and free of any hassles. We have therefore incorporated the use of packing materials of high standards and advanced techniques in overall procedure of shifting. 
We have effectively adapted ourselves in the era of globalization where there is continuous demand of people to shift from one country to another along with their goods. Thus, through our international shifting, we are providing services over in 182 countries."
Corporate Infote...,4.2,(177 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 21 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Corporate Infotech Pvt. Ltd. aka CIPL, a company that is into the business of Information Technology, which gets driven with the passion, the tools, the infrastructure, and the vision To provide “one-stop technology destination” for customers across all verticals and To help customers achieve their objectives by providing innovative, best-in-class consulting, IT solutions and services in the most effective & profitable manner. 

CIPL has been able to achieve the coveted position as one of the largest solution providers and fastest-growing companies in India by creating a strong portfolio of products & services during its journey of 10 years of patent leadership.
Committed to continuous improvement and closing the capability gap, CIPL has
been appraised at level 3 of the CMMI Institute’s Capability Maturity Model Integration!

Maturity Level 3 (Defined): Our organization's processes are well characterized and understood, and are described in standards, procedures, tools, and methods."
VGN Projects Est...,4.0,(177 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 3 more",81 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in the year 1942, VGN has successfully carved a niche for itself in the ever-dynamic real estate industry over the last 77 years. An ISO 9001:2008 certified company, VGN is known as much for its beautiful, world-class homes as it is for following best practices in the industry, being an Integrated Management System (IMS) certified company by Lloyd's Register.

VGN is a Multi-Million dollar real estate company headquartered in Chennai, which develops residences, commercial, retail and plots in India. With over 20 million square feet of residential projects under development, VGN is one of the most respected and reputed builders in Chennai. Starting with affordable housing and spreading our wings to ultra-luxury segment, we have catered to all sections of the society. Synonymous with quality, timely delivery, expertise and trust, VGN is a name that is here to stay.

While we may have numerous achievements under our belt, we take pride in the fact that we have been helping thousands of families realize their dreams, providing exponential returns on their investments. And it is this satisfaction that we derive from what we do that makes us venture into newer and more challenging areas in property development."
TJSB Sahakari Ba...,3.9,(177 Reviews),Private,Thane + 24 more,51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With the modest beginning in 1972 in the co-operative field, the dynamism infused by the Board of Directors, unflinching loyalties of clientele and devotion of staff has propelled the sound foundation of The TJSB Sahakari Bank Ltd (TJSB) and has emerged as one of the leading multi state scheduled co-operative Bank in the country. TJSB presently is catering to the needs of society through a close network of 136 Branches across  Maharashtra, Goa, Gujarat, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh.  TJSB also has a strong presence in Thane, Mumbai, Navi Mumbai, Nasik, Pune, Satara,Aurangabad, Kolhapur, Nagpur, Latur, bangalore, Ahmedabad, Surat , Panjim."
Shree Renuka Sug...,4.2,(177 Reviews),Public,"Belagavi/Belgaum,Karnataka + 22 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SRSL is the fifth largest sugar manufacturer with a capacity of 40,000tcd and the largest refiner with a capacity of 4000tpd in India. SRSL accounts for 20% of India’s sugar exports and is the leader in fuel ethanol with a 20% market share. Company’s current power and ethanol production capacity of 143MW and 930KLPD respectively is spread across various locations in Karnataka, Maharashtra and West Bengal. SRSL is an active corporate member on NCDEX dealing in sugar commodities to trade in spot market and in futures"
Vedant Fashions,3.8,(177 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 29 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With its inception in 1999, Manyavar started its retail journey from 2002 under the name of Vedant Fashions Pvt. Ltd. The brand arrived with 8 stores in 2008 that has now stretched to 600+ stores including 80+ Flagship stores and 13 international stores across 200+ cities in 3 countries – India, UAE, and USA. More than an industry-leader Manyavar is the pioneer in reinventing Men’s Ethnic Wear that has crafted a distinguished image of the respected Indian man. It is backed by a product assortment spanning a rich collection of ethnic and celebration wear."
Ang India,4.1,(177 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 27 more",45 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are AnG India, one of the nation’s most trusted names in the business of security. Ever since our inception in 1978, we have been providing cutting edge solutions and services in security and survelliance - from the most high-end products to holistic system design, consulting and custom engineering.

We bring together the best in human expertise and technology to address the security concerns of a wide variety of clients.

Over the years, it is our passion and quest for excellence that has helped us grow by leaps and bounds, always setting new benchmarks and creating new standards for the market to follow."
R.V.R. PROJECTS,3.8,(177 Reviews),Private,"Visakhapatnam/Vizag,Andhra Pradesh + 26 more",47 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"RVR projects Pvt Ltd., is a construction and infrastructure giant with more than four decades of enormous expertise and substantial success.
Founded by R Venkateswara Rao in 1976 with just 10 personnel, the company eventually evolved into an overpowering construction force. Today we are a team of committed personnel working on diversified verticals like Buildings, Transportation, Irrigation, Water Supply, Tunnels and Industrial Structures.

Through execution of exclusive EPC projects and setting benchmarks for competitors, RVR has transformed into a brand name synonymous with Quality and Trust. By commissioning a 12.8 km long Mechanized Coal Conveyer System at Krishnapatnam port in 2014, RVR has forayed into Built-Operate-Transfer (BOT) projects.

Perfecting the knowledge gained over 40 years and recapitulating the experience to perform better, makes RVR a pioneer in the construction sphere. RVR’s pursuit of excellence is a manifestation of success-driven strategies resulting in customer delight.
Rational decision making, professional working environment, competitiveness and commitment to achieve advanced goals have driven the company towards substantial success.

Our strong forward-thinking combined with cutting-edge technology and unparalleled quality control enables us to offer solutions that optimize the use of our clients’ resources and guarantee long-term competitiveness. We are keen on environment friendly construction and the safety of the workers.
With the strengths we possess, we are fully equipped to grab intrinsic opportunities that are heading our way."
VISA Steel,3.9,(177 Reviews),Public,"Bhubaneswar,Odisha + 11 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"VISA Steel has set up a 150,000 TPA Ferro Chrome Plant at Kalinganagar in Odisha. The facilities include 6 submerged Arc Furnaces with 3x25 MW Power Generating Units.VISA Steel offers High Carbon Ferro Chrome as per International Quality Standards for end use in Stainless Steel and Special Steel manufacturing.The Special Steel Undertaking stands transferred to and vested in VISA Special Steel Limited, a step down subsidiary of VISA Steel Limited which includes 225,000 TPA Blast Furnace, 300,000 TPA Sponge Iron Plant & 500,000 TPA Steel Plant through Electric Arc Furnace route at Kalinganagar in Odisha."
Delphi Automotiv...,4.1,(177 Reviews),Public,Dublin + 15 more,29 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Welcome to Delphi Technologies. We’re a global enterprise focused on innovating propulsion systems and aftermarket solutions so that passenger cars and commercial vehicles drive cleaner, better and further. As a leading-edge Tier 1 supplier, our portfolio of powertrain and aftermarket technologies are engineered to tackle the toughest challenges with no compromises. Our aim: Advance what’s possible yet never retreat in creating vehicles people want to drive. Delphi Technologies. Driven to make a difference."
Kalkine,4.0,(177 Reviews),Private,Sydney + 1 more,9 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Kalkine Media is an Investor Relation Group and Media House that operates at a global level across different geographies, with an intent to keep our readers abreast on the latest developments across equity markets, debt markets, currency markets and commodity markets. Kalkine Media has adopted a customer-centric approach and developed a knowledge-driven business model that has witnessed a remarkable growth in a short span of time across multiple domains and regions."
Zamil Air Condit...,4.0,(177 Reviews),Private,Dammam + 18 more,49 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Zamil Air Conditioners, a sector business of Zamil Industrial, is the largest supplier of air conditioners in the Middle East. The company manufactures and markets a complete selection of air conditioners, ranging from room air conditioners to packaged units to large Chillers for residential, commercial and industrial applications."
Wood Group,4.1,(177 Reviews),Private,"Aberdeen City,Aberdeen + 17 more",111 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Wood provides performance-driven solutions throughout the asset life cycle, from concept to decommissioning across a broad range of industrial markets, including the upstream, midstream and downstream oil & gas, power & process, environment and infrastructure, clean energy, mining, nuclear, and general industrial sectors.

The rich heritage of our founding organisations makes us a respected presence in global industrial markets, combining unrivalled technical knowledge and a drive for outstanding delivery."
Murugappa Group,4.1,(6.6k Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 58 more",123 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"The Murugappa Group began as a banking enterprise in the pre -World War 1 era in Burma (Myanmar).

Shifting to India during the turbulent war years, the Group established its base in the South. It grew by leaps & bounds, building strong, market-leading companies in critical sectors like agri-solutions, financial services & engineering.

Today, the Murugappa Group is an INR 547 billion conglomerate, with an exceptional reputation for value creation and high standards of governance."
Madhucon Project...,3.6,(317 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 20 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"As one of India's leading “Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC)” and “Build, Operate and Transfer (BOT)” Contractors, we have executed wide ranging projects in the areas of State & National Highways, Bridges, Flyovers, Irrigation Projects (Dams, Canals, Tunnels) Industrial Projects, Townships, Railway Projects etc. Madhucon has a rich and varied track record as a premier Construction Company.
We mobilize state-of-the-art equipment along with a team of technicians, qualified & experienced engineers to complete our projects, with uncompromising focus on speed, quality and safety. We set benchmarks for ourselves and achieved a long list of firsts. (Look at our Achievements & Awards section for more information).
Madhucon  has a wide  ranging  experience in design & execution of huge Civil Engineering projects, both on item rate as well as EPC/BOT basis. Madhucon has an in house Design engineering cell manned by qualified, experienced Design engineers equipped with state of art software."
Technicolor,4.2,(244 Reviews),Private,Paris + 4 more,130 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Technicolor, a worldwide technology leader in the media and entertainment sector, is at the forefront of digital innovation. Our world-class research and innovation laboratories enable us to lead the market in delivering advanced video services to content creators and distributors. We also benefit from an extensive intellectual property portfolio focused on imaging and sound technologies. Our commitment: supporting the delivery of exciting new experiences for consumers in theaters, homes, and on-the-go."
DBOI Global Serv...,4.4,(176 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 5 more",43 years old,51-200 Employees (India),DBOI Global Services Pvt. Ltd. was founded in 2005. The Company's line of business includes providing computer programming services.
Simpa Energy,4.2,(176 Reviews),"Bangalore,Karnataka + 28 more",13 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"Simpa sells solar power systems on financing to households and shops in rural India.

Customers make a small initial payment to have the solar PV system installed, then it’s simply pay-as-you-go for the electricity. Simpa mimics the compelling pricing model of pre-paid mobile phones. But there’s an important twist: These small payments for energy service also add up towards the total purchase price and, once fully paid, the customer owns the system, enjoying clean, reliable, electricity for free."
Shyam Indus Powe...,3.7,(176 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 18 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Shyam Indus Power Solutions Pvt Ltd (SIPS) is an established ISO 9001 2008 certified EPC Company incorporated in the year 2004 (Formerly known as Shyam Indus Power Solution and originally operating since March 2003). The core competencies of the company are in the field of Electricity Distribution Franchise Management and Turnkey Projects in Transmission and Distribution Sector. The company has established a footprint in the Indian Railways as well as in civil construction businesses. SIPS holds the premier License issued by the Government of India’s Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) to trade in Electricity. The Company has a highly qualified team of experts guiding the company to its present scales of success in Distribution, Transmission, Franchise Management, Metering and Power Generation Projects"
Lincoln Pharmace...,3.5,(176 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 14 more",44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"lincoln pharmaceuticals ltd is research based company having presence in domestic as well as global market for its quality pharmaceutical products. the company is based in ahmedabad and having own production facility for tablets, injections and ointment."
Lanxess,4.4,(176 Reviews),Private,Cologne + 12 more,19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"LANXESS is a leading specialty chemicals company with sales of EUR 6.8 billion in 2019. The company currently has about 14,300 employees in 33 countries. The core business of LANXESS is the development, manufacturing and marketing of chemical intermediates, additives, specialty chemicals and plastics. LANXESS is listed in the leading sustainability indices Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI World and Europe) and FTSE4Good."
Matrix Cellular ...,3.2,(176 Reviews),Private,Delhi + 17 more,28 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"We started in 1995 in New Delhi providing complete travel solutions to international travelers. As the number of people going abroad from India, for both business and leisure, has seen an exponential rise in the last two decades, Matrix has hugely expanded its footprint across India.
In the pursuit of making travel easy and rewarding for our customers, we now offer travel solutions for over 150 countries, with a multitude of products like International SIM Card, Data Pack for Mobiles, Tablets, iPads and Laptops, International Travel Insurance, Foreign Exchange Cards, Business VAT Refund service, Mobile Insurance, VISA services and Air Ticketing. We have evolved over the years from a leading telecom solution provider to an integrated travel solution Company. Our ever increasing portfolio of products and services focuses on fulfilling customer’s specific international travel needs thereby making us the one stop travel shop for all.
We have also launched a whole new way to experience travel with the Matrix Travel Companion App. From shopping discounts at 150000 outlets across the globe to booking tickets for over 150,000 attractions, the App has a whole array for offers and discounts to offer to an international traveler.
Today, we have evolved with an aim to stand for something distinctive – touching your heart as well as minds. Our brand promise – easy and smart – is an important asset and embodies our purpose and what we stand for. Our commitment to customer service is unparalleled. We leave no stone unturned to ensure customer delight at every step. With a vision to connect every international traveller with convenient and cost effective solutions, we have established ourselves as the undisputed market leader."
Karamtara Engine...,3.4,(176 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 8 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Karamtara is an engineering, manufacturing and technology company. Established in the year 1998, Karamtara has evolved as a leader in the Transmission and Distribution (T&D) Segment of Power Sector. We are the only integrated player in the world manufacturing Transmission line & Telecom Towers, High Tensile & Mild Steel Fasteners, OHTL Insulator Fittings and Conductor Accessories, Hot Rolled HT and MS Structural Steel under one banner, offering Industry a one stop solution for most items in T&D segment."
MMC Infotech Ser...,3.4,(176 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 1 more",33 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"MMC Infotech is one of the most experienced and trusted names in the outsourcing industry with over 30 years of peerless success.

We deliver critical business support services that cover all aspects of the retail customer lifecycle to some of the world’s best known names in banking and insurance."
DBOI Global Serv...,4.4,(176 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 5 more",43 years old,51-200 Employees (India),DBOI Global Services Pvt. Ltd. was founded in 2005. The Company's line of business includes providing computer programming services.
Cactus Communica...,3.6,(176 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),We are a different type of global medical communications agency with a very unique business model. We act as trusted advisors by constantly and consistently delivering excellence that goes way beyond just our technical expertise. We work as an extension of our client teams and provide them with flexible and innovative solutions that allow them to manage their budget wisely and do more with less while maintaining high levels of quality and data integrity.
Lipi Data System...,3.7,(176 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 37 more,30 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Lipi is among the top 3 Indian IT peripheral companies of the country. For over 33 years, Lipi has been committed towards providing the best of technologies and services through indigenously designed products. Lipi has been the market leader in the Line Matrix & High-Speed Dot Matrix Printer categories for decades.

Lipi is recognised as the most reliable organization when it comes to the manufacturing of mission critical Products. In Lipi, quality products and services go hand-in-hand with economic performance.

Having presence in more than 200+ locations countrywide for direct support provides a unique strength. ISO 9001:2015 & ISO 14001:2015 are testimony to the quality that we produce.

Lipi made a pioneering move in the Banking Industry by setting up state of the art Manufacturing facility & Design centre for ATM, Kiosk & Self Service Terminals."""
Popular Vehicles...,4.1,(176 Reviews),Private,"Ernakulam,Kerala + 17 more",84 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Popular Vehicles & Services Limited (“Popular Vehicles and Services” or “Company”), is the third largest dealership for Maruti Suzuki India Limited (“Maruti Suzuki”), in terms of sales volume in India and belongs to the the Kuttukaran Group. Having started the business in [1939] the founder late K. P. Paul, pioneered many initiatives in the automotive industry and grew rapidly in strength. Popular Vehicles & Services Limited is Maruti’s first Dealer in Kerala, having started its operations in 1984 at Thiruvananthapuram. In its nearly 35 years of dealership business, the name ‘Popular’ is invariably identified with Maruti Suzuki and it is also ranked as one among the best in performance. Popular Vehicles & Services Limited holds an accreditation of the ‘Royal Platinum Dealer’ for Arena dealerships by Maruti Suzuki for 2017-2018 and we have also been categorized within the “Alpha Band” for Nexa dealerships by Maruti Suzuki for 2017-2018, adjudged by Maruti Suzuki."
Mahindra Electri...,3.7,(176 Reviews),Private,Bengaluru + 9 more,29 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Mahindra Electric Mobility is the pioneer of electric vehicle technology in the country. Our mission is to bring tomorrow’s movement, today. We have a wide variety of electric vehicles, and will be increasing this range even further, under the brand - Mahindra Electric (+ME). Our products span personal and commercial segments and are designed to support the new paradigm of shared, electric and connected mobility.."
KOREA PLANT SERV...,3.4,(176 Reviews),Private,"Naju,Jeollanam-do + 15 more",39 years old,1-10 Employees (India),"KEPCO KPS is a public corporation providing a total plant solutions, including plant facility diagnosis and performance improvement, O&M at home and abroad, newable EPC, industrial facilities, and power transmission and substations.
Established for the efficient maintenance of electric power facilities as the core of national economic development, KEPCO KPS has grown into a leading company in domestic power facility maintenance thanks to continuous technology development and human resource development for the past 35 years. It is also renowned for its technology in the global markets.
In particular, KEPCO KPS is making its effort to leap forward to become a stainable company by executing growth businesses, such as plant O&M, Retrofit and ROMM, which improves performance interpreting and diagnosing plant facilities, decommissioning, and renewable energy businesses based on abundant know-how, technological data, professional manpower, and state-of-the-art equipment.
Furthermore, KEPCO KPS has achieved a great feat and subsequently received the Korea Quality Award, the first public company to be selected as an Excellent Quality Competitiveness Enterprise for the 19th consecutive year, recognized by Dow Jones Sustainability Indices for the 9th consecutive year, selected by the Best Human Resources Developer, received the Korea Social Contribution Award, the Management Grand Awards for the 4th consecutive year, and received the Ethical Management Award by engaging in constant activities to improve customer service and making product innovation. All executives and employees, including myself, are firmly committed to providing the very best customer service based on top-notch technologies and our abundant experience so as to contribute not only to the national economy but to humanity overall. We will be continually committed to confidently taking on new challenges. KEPCO KPS will make a great leap forward to become a provider of global power plant solutions in the global market."
The Indian Hume ...,4.1,(176 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 36 more,97 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Indian Hume Pipe Co. Ltd. (IHP) was established in 1926 with the object of manufacturing, popularizing and marketing Hume Pipes and allied products. Over a period of time the company has developed Prestressed Concrete Pipes (Non-Cylinder), Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipes, Bar Wrapped Steel Cylinder Pipes, Hume Steel Pipes, Welded Steel Penstocks, Prestressed Concrete Railway Sleepers and specialized in execution of Turnkey Water Supply and Sewerage Projects.

Today the Company has wide network of over twenty factories and over 100 projects under execution in India. The Company has earned a reputation for excellence through employing modern technology, stringent quality control measures, timely execution and continuous Research and Development. As a result the company's products have found acceptance in highly competitive markets. The company's Expertise is at work right from designing of custom made pipes to the company's total engineering packages for pipeline projects."
Dishman Carbogen...,3.6,(176 Reviews),Bubendorf + 1 more,16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Welcome to CARBOGEN AMCIS, a member of the Dishman Carbogen Amcis Group. We provide drug development and commercialisation services to the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industries, at all stages of drug development. Our capabilities span from contract chemical process research and development to the supply of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) - as well as drug products for preclinical studies, clinical trials and commercial use. Besides being a service provider we also offer high quality Cholesterol and Vitamin D analog products produced at our facility in The Netherlands. These products are used in a variety of markets around the globe.

Our focus is to help customers create a better world by becoming the partner of choice for development and manufacture. The guiding principles for our service are our passion for great science supported by timely communication and backed by our total commitment to YOUR project.

We forge close collaboration and open communication with our customers which ensures we work effectively as a team, meeting (if not exceeding) our customers' expectations. We aim to manufacture pharmaceutical ingredients at the highest standard of GMP whilst protecting the environment.

We are a partner you can trust and we look forward to helping you move your project faster to the market!"
Zydus Hospital,4.2,(176 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 7 more",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),Cadila Healthcare Ltd is an Indian pharmaceutical company headquartered at Ahmedabad in Gujarat state of western India. The company is one of the leading pharmaceutical companies in India
NTT Global Netwo...,4.2,(176 Reviews),Public,"Greenwood Village,CO + 18 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"TT Global Networks, a business division of NTT, is the smart choice for SD-WAN enterprise networking and virtualized IT services.
We deliver award-winning SD-WAN services via our Virtualized Overlay Network and NTT Enterprise Services Cloud (ESC) platform, with Local Cloud Centers (LCCs) strategically located around the world. This eliminates the complexity and expense of having multiple networking devices at each customer branch office. We also support both established and emerging SD-WAN CPE technology vendors. Our flexible deployment model allows customers to take advantage of both Cloud based as well as on premises based SD-WAN features to meet their business objectives. We provide end to end managed services to help enterprises to achieve their digital transformation."
The Hershey Comp...,4.3,(176 Reviews),Private,"Derry Township,Pennsylvania + 33 more",129 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The Hershey Company, headquartered in Hershey, Pa., is a global confectionery leader known for bringing goodness to the world through its chocolate, sweets, mints and other great-tasting snacks. Hershey has approximately 18,000 employees around the world who work every day to deliver delicious, quality products. The company, which has more than 80 brands around the world that drive over $7.4 billion in annual revenues, includes such iconic brand names as Hershey's, Reese's, Hershey's Kisses, Jolly Rancher and Ice Breakers. Hershey is focused on growing its presence in key international markets while continuing to build its competitive advantage in North America. Additionally, Hershey is poised to expand its portfolio into categories beyond confectionery, finding new ways to bring goodness to people everywhere. At Hershey, goodness has always been about more than delicious products. For 120 years, Hershey has been committed to good business by operating fairly, ethically and sustainably to make a positive impact on society.  This means contributing to a better life for its employees, consumers, communities, and, ultimately, creating a bright future for children in need.  This commitment is exemplified by Milton Hershey School, established in 1909 by the company's founder and administered by Hershey Trust Company. The children who attend the school receive education, housing, and medical care — thriving as direct beneficiaries of The Hershey Company's success"
Hinduja Group,3.9,(17.8k Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 53 more,109 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"The Hinduja Group is a premier diversified transnational conglomerate. Employing more than 150,000 employees, our activities span across 100 countries, with direct presence in 38 countries. Operating globally in 10 business verticals that range from Industrial Manufacturing to Information Technology Enabled Services, we have a multi-billion-dollar revenue.  In these business verticals, we enjoy flagship presence through leading companies, some of which are global and national icons. 

The Group was founded over a hundred years ago, by Shri P.D. Hinduja whose credo was ""My Dharma (duty) is to work so that I can give” with philanthropy being the core existential reason for doing business as against the conventional wisdom of making profits. Hence we also support numerous charitable and philanthropic activities across the world through the Hinduja Foundation in the field of Healthcare (P.D. Hinduja Hospital in Mumbai), Education (K.P.B Hinduja college of Commerce), Heritage Preservation, Sports and Rural Development.  

The Hinduja Group puts immense faith in its leadership. We believe that leadership, whether in business or professionals, is a journey in itself. We have successfully weathered many cyclical challenges in the sectors we operate in and have always managed to come out stronger. The single biggest contributing factor towards the group’s stability is our unwavering commitment to the identified sectors. It is this passion and belief that resonate in our senior leadership team."
Puranik Builders,3.6,(175 Reviews),Public,"Thane,Maharashtra + 6 more",55 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"At Puraniks, we firmly believe in exploring individual potential to the fullest. Today as we undergo a cultural transformation across our organization, the idea is to create an evolutionary system which is both - a differentiator (work culture) and a multiplier (growth). There are 4 major Human Resource deliverables: 1. Create an environment for Continuous learning for Hi-Pots (High Potentials) 2. Building a deeper & lasting Employee Engagement to realize full potential 3. Timely setting and review of Key Performance parameters 4. Recognizing High Performance With the above in mind, the Team HR @ Puraniks is leaving no stone unturned to ensure the following: 1. Building a strong Competency matrix for current scenario 2. Hiring quality (technically and behaviourally sound) talent across organization 3. Rigorous background verification to filter out imposters 4. Detailed Induction & Orientation to smoothly absorb new joiner in the system 5. Early identification of Hi-Pots as a part of Core team 6. Creating an IDP (Individual Development Plan); a 2 year roadmap with Stretched goals 7. Utilizing various L&D (Learning & Development)tools to address the learning needs of Hi-Pots 8. Rigorous measurement of Hi-Pot performance to remove inconsistency 9. Rewarding excellence instantly Creating Brand Ambassadors for Puraniks is our ultimate aim. In fact that is our sole purpose."
Costa Cruise Lin...,4.5,(175 Reviews),Private,Genoa + 9 more,75 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"The only Italian company in the sector to fly the Italian flag, the Costa Crociere Group is Italy’s biggest tour operator. Part of the Carnival Corporation & plc Group, listed on the London and New York stock exchanges and world leader in the sector with a fleet of 103 ships (over 11.5 million passengers in 2016), the Costa Crociere Group is parent company of the Costa Cruise Lines and AIDA Cruises brands.

With 27 ships in service for an overall capacity of around 76,000 guests, the Group is headquartered in Genoa and operates at global level, mainly on routes in the Mediterranean, Northern Europe, the Baltic Sea, the Caribbean, North and Central America, South America, the Arab Emirates, the Indian Ocean, the Far East and Africa. By 2021 six next-generation ships will be introduced to the fleet , developed according to responsible innovation criteria and for this reason destined to set a trend for the entire industry.

For 70 years Costa Crociere has embodied Italian style and hospitality. We have always made it our business to introduce our guests to the world’s most stunning places, giving them the chance to explore different destinations and discover the different cultures in the five continents with complete respect for their identities. As the only cruise company flying the Italian flag, it is our responsibility and duty to act as an ambassador for Italian values in the world and to represent our country at our ports of call. At Costa responsible innovation is a key factor when we design the ships of the future and develop the onboard experience, a process carried out with maximum attention to detail in order to offer a holiday geared towards discovering local cultures and experiencing them as responsible travellers."
Zen3 Info Soluti...,4.0,(175 Reviews),Private,"Redmond,Washington + 2 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Zen3 is an AI-first, data-driven, cloud-native organization. We work with several leading companies in the world to solve some of their unique challenges. We aim to help our clients lead their industry in innovation, increase operational efficiencies, reduce costs and outdo their competition."
SiliconIndia,2.6,(175 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 4 more",26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"A platform that resonates with engaging and informative content, siliconindia entails the editorial coverage of successful entrepreneurs, proficient CEOs, industry leaders, well-versed technologists and many others. It brings in the nuances of both US and Indian technologies across the content delivered and stands as one of largest ecosystems encompassing the perspectives and business ideas of eminent professionals in the world. Besides, this platform portrays the unfolding technological advancements and industry trends and thus outshines as the torchbearer for budding entrepreneurs and technologists of today. In fact, siliconindia has been seamlessly impacting the lives of emerging entrepreneurs, businesses, students and a lot others since its inception in 1997."
Allahabad Bank,4.3,(175 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 48 more",158 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Allahabad Bank is a nationalised bank with its headquarters in Kolkata, India. It is the oldest joint stock bank in India. On 24 April 2014, the bank entered into its 150th year of establishment. The Oldest Joint Stock Bank of the Country, Allahabad Bank was founded on April 24, 1865 by a group of Europeans at Allahabad. At that juncture Organized Industry, Trade and Banking started taking shape in India."
T R Chadha & Co ...,3.8,(175 Reviews),LLP,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 11 more",77 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"With over 70 years of history, T R Chadha & Co LLP* has been one of India’s prominent Chartered accountancy firms providing wide array financial and advisory services to numerous MNCs as well as reputed Indian companies. In May 1946, Mr. T.R Chadha (Founder) laid down a solid foundation for the brand with strong emphasis on client satisfaction and delivering excellence in Accounting, Auditing, Taxation, Assurance and Business Advisory services. Following a top notch corporate culture, we believe in delivering accurate, relevant and timely information to the decision makers using industry expertise. We help companies to stay compliant and lawful. We aim at applying intelligence and expertise by providing realistic solutions to complicated business scenarios using analytical skills, functional expertise and intensive training. Our result oriented and success driven partners believes in providing equal services to clients of all sizes and at all locations."
Sangeetha Mobile,4.0,(175 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 42 more",49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sangeetha Mobiles Choose and buy latest mobile phones from the widest range at the best prices which consists of Basic Phones and Smartphones such as iPhones, Android, Windows phones available at great offers ...Compare Latest Smartphones, check features and User Reviews. Free Shipping, Cash on delivery, Online Mobile Shopping.."
Muthoot Homefin ...,3.7,(175 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 64 more",12 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Muthoot Homefin (India) Limited (MHIL) is a Housing Finance Company registered with The National Housing Bank (NHB). MHIL is a subsidiary of Muthoot Finance Limited, India’s Largest Gold Loan Company. MHIL is a part of The Muthoot Group which has been serving the customers across the world for over 129 years. At MHIL, our prime goal is to contribute towards financial inclusion to Economically Weaker Section and Low Income Customer Segments by opening doors of formal housing finance to them. Our focus is on extending Affordable Housing Finance to first time home buyers. MHIL would operate on a ‘Hub and Spoke’ model, with centralised processing unit located at Mumbai, to ensure highest level of due diligence and in improving efficiency and productivity."
Gtpl Hathway,4.0,(175 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 26 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GTPL Hathway Limited is India's leading Multi Service Operator (MSO) engaged in cable TV distribution reaching an estimated 8 million households in over 169 cities across 10 states in India with presence in Gujarat, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, West Bengal, Jharkhand, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Assam. GTPL Hathway Limited is the largest Multi Service Operator (MSO) in Gujarat with a 67% share of the Cable TV market and is the second largest player in the cable market of Kolkata and Howrah with a 24% market share. GTPL Hathway Limited has a significant presence in all other markets. In the year 2007 GTPL Broadband Pvt. Ltd. was incorporated with a vision to provide high speed broadband at affordable rate. GTPL Broadband Pvt. Ltd. is a 100% owned subsidiary of GTPL Hathway Ltd. GTPL Broadband made a humble beginning by acquiring 3000 active subscribers in the very first year. Since then GTPL Broadband has grown and is among top 20 ISP’s of India. GTPL Broadband is fast spreading its wings in other parts of India and aims to have pan India presence in near future. VISION: As India’s Leading Multi System Operator (MSO) it is our commitment to deliver latest & high quality video products & data services through advanced technology, strong trade partnerships and empathetic customer service. At GTPL, our team members’ happiness and growth are important HR parameters. Through our technology, our employees touch the lives of millions of our customers. We firmly believe that business grows only when employees grow. We constantly endeavour to provide conducive work environment to our team members. The pillars of our HR philosophy are fairness, recognition, integrity and teamwork."
Peregrine Guardi...,4.1,(175 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 32 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Peregrine Guarding was incorporated in 1995 and is one of the leading security solution providers in India. Today Peregrine is operational in all 29 states of India with 71 offices covering tier 1, 2 and 3 cities.It provides Integrated security solutions in Physical Security I Electronic Security I Risk Assessment Consultancy I Executive Protection I Event Security I Remote Command Center. Peregrine Guarding draws its inspiration from the Peregrine falcon – keen, alert ever-watchful eyes, unshakable talons, powerful protective wings and pervasive presence. Embodying the spirit of the Peregrine, Peregrine Guarding shares a vision that looks beyond the immediate horizon. The Company’s eyes watch over the security of its clients without blinking, its outspread wings encircling your premises with a customised protective cover. Anticipating new challenges, it moves swiftly, adapting to the changing environment. With a client base of over 1900 customers and employee strength of over 42,000, Peregrine has the ability to offer services across the country. An ISO 9001: 2008 and OHSAS certified company which has won several accolades; Peregrine has the ability to implement high quality services across the spectrum of strategic and tactical security services."
Toshiba Transmis...,3.9,(175 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 15 more,129 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Toshiba Transmission & Distribution Systems group is a world leader in the supply of integrated solutions for energy Transmission & Distribution. Our systems effectively control Transmission & Distribution in order to deliver reliable electricity from Power Plants to Industries, Transportation Systems to Agriculture and even to our Homes.

Toshiba has developed its superior technology and has a history of high product quality in this market throughout the course of more than 100 years, manufacturing its first transformer in 1894 and its first switchgear in 1902.

Our vast experience & continued expansion has allowed us to gain immense trust and appreciation from customers around the world. We strive to create products and services that enhance society and protect the environment. This is accomplished through a single component reducing environmental impact or a complete smart grid solution.

Toshiba continues to serve the people and the planet that we call home. Toshiba Corporation, Japan has established Toshiba Transmission & Distribution Systems (India) Private Limited (TTDI) in 640,000 Square Meter Area at Hyderabad, Telangana State, India for T&D Business. TTDI is the global manufacturing hub of Toshiba Corporation to cater products & solutions across the world."
Amrita Institute...,4.4,(175 Reviews),Private,"Kochi/Cochin,Kerala + 8 more",25 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences and Research Centre (AIMS) is a not-for-profit organization established with the goal of providing excellence in healthcare and improving the overall well-being of the community through strong programs in preventive medicine, medical education and research. AIMS is located near Kochi, in the state of Kerala, India. AIMS is part of the health sciences campus of Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham (Amrita University). The institute was inaugurated on May 17, 1998 by the then prime minister of India, Sri Atal Bihari Vajpayee, in the presence of her Holiness, Mata Amritanandamayi."
RV Solutions,3.8,(175 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 26 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Technological life-cycle services into Technology Life-cycle Services, RV Solutions single-minded mission is to create enduring value for the customers through innovation and industry expertise so as to make the customer’s business stronger and better equipped to handle various process that they face at their end. As a customer-centric and a total relationship-driven organization RV Solutions is redefining the way companies experience and benefit from the various Tech Services and Solutions offered. It is quite obvious that the delivery model is infused with a distinct culture of high customer satisfaction.We at RV Solutions, put in our sincere efforts, to understand the internal and external constraints, its past growth and future plans, its strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats, its business settings and other matters, before developing any technological solution for the customer. Because we understand the “needs”, we provide solutions faster, effective transparent and of course cost effective."
Coolberg Beverag...,3.5,(175 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 26 more",7 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We’re Coolberg – a zero alcohol beer brand… proudly Indian. Brand Coolberg was launched in 2016 with a single-minded vision of catering to a new category of drink that is modern, trendy and aspirational. In a market where cola or fruit-flavoured fizzy drinks are the only option, we are an alternate beverage to what’s available in the market, that would give the consumers a pleasant respite with a curated taste and a premium imagery.

Dressed up in strong 300ml glass bottles, with a packaging design that consumes the eye, our 7 flavours are a treat for every taste. We pride ourselves in getting our products right, with just the right amount of sweetness, brewed impeccably in a natural base of hops and malt, and a fizz that’s just enough to pleasantly tantalize your taste buds. This experience will soon be available in a 250ml can as well, which will help cater to a different TG."
Planetcast,3.9,(175 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 8 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Planetcast is a leading media services provider offering technology-led Managed Services to the Broadcasting industry in India & Neighbouring Nations with rapidly growing its footprints across Southeast Asia. PlanetCast was founded in 1996 and has revolutionized the media and entertainment industry ever since. We are managing 200+ channels with offices in New Delhi, Noida, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Cochin."
NetAmbit Infosou...,3.5,(175 Reviews),Private,Noida + 23 more,23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 2000, with a vision to make financial services available to masses, Netambit has now evolved into a leading professional services company with many lines of businesses including real estate, financial services, sales processes and hiring & staffing services.At Netambit we have a culture of respect and accountability, and that, is what we believe is the core of our success. With our focus on people and processes, we make anything possible with our passion."
Aachi Foods,3.9,(175 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 23 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Aachi Group was found in the year 1995 by Mr. A.D.Padmasingh Isaac, a first generation entrepreneur with BBA and hailing from Nazareth in Tirunelveli District of Tamil Nadu. Undoubtedly, Aachi has come to rule the kitchen today! 

Aachi has become a household name because of its excellent quality products catering to the common people. The product range is so wide that no household can afford to miss Aachi products from its kitchen.

The success of Aachi can be attributed to the following: Excellent Quality products, Strong resources & Marketing Network, Continuous market analysis and Survey of customer needs, Standardization & upgradation of products as per international standards and Excellent Brand Recall.

The Aachi Group comprises of the following companies. Aachi Masala Foods Private Ltd Aachi Spices & Foods Pvt Ltd Aachi Special Foods Pvt Ltd."
Munjal Kiriu Ind...,4.1,(175 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 4 more",67 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Munjal Kiriu Industries Pvt. Ltd. is an automotive company based out of 603 International Trade TowerNehru Place, New Delhi, India."
Commonwealth Ban...,4.0,(174 Reviews),Private,Sydney + 3 more,112 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Commonwealth Bank is Australiaâs leading provider of integrated financial services including retail banking, premium banking, business banking, institutional banking, funds management, superannuation, insurance, investment and sharebroking products and services. With customers at the heart of everything we do, weâre focused on helping people and businesses move forward financially. We're driven to deliver seamless experiences, in smart, innovative ways. A workplace of the future, our 52,000 people are able to bring their different backgrounds and unique perspectives to our collaborative environment, and are supported to share ideas, initiatives, talent and energy â making a positive impact on colleagues, customers and our business. Itâs what makes CommBank a place of opportunity, where your skills can take you in unexpected directions and you can achieve great things."
Fosroc Chemicals...,4.3,(174 Reviews),Private,Dubai + 28 more,51 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Fosroc is a leading international manufacturer and supplier of high performance chemicals for the construction industry, with a particular focus on concrete and cement. But we don’t just supply world-renowned products, we deliver complete construction solutions – from advice and training to site support.

A British heritage brand, Fosroc began over 80 years ago and has become the go-to name for construction companies, offering a wide range of products and brands including Nitoproof, Nitoseal, Proofex, Supercast, Conplast and Dekguard.

We serve customers across a broad range of market segments including transport, utilities, and industrial, through our extensive network of offices and manufacturing locations across Europe, Africa, the Middle East, India, North, South and East Asia – with distributor representation across many other regions.

Our customers come to us for our knowledge and service as well as our reputable products, and many see us as an extension of their team."
Nexteer Automoti...,3.7,(174 Reviews),Private,"Auburn Hills,Michigan + 6 more",117 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Nexteer Automotive – A Leader in Intuitive Motion Control – is a multi-billion-dollar global steering and driveline business delivering electric and hydraulic power steering systems, steering columns, driveline systems as well as advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and autonomous technologies for original equipment manufacturers. The company’s global workforce of over 13,000 serves more than 50 customers in every major region of the world. The company has 25 manufacturing plants, five regional engineering centers and 11 customer service centers strategically located in North and South America, Europe and Asia. Nexteer Automotive’s customers include BMW, Fiat Chrysler, Ford, GM, PSA Group, Toyota and VW, as well as automakers in India and China"
Saksoft,4.1,(174 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 8 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We help customers realize their Digital Transformation aspirations. Our Legacy Modernization and Intelligent Automation solutions improve Collaboration and Transparency that are key for an organization to stay ahead of the pack. We modernize legacy systems to align with your overall business strategy, using evolving technologies and adaptable architecture designs. We don’t just enable technology-shift but also help customers achieve their objective of building a holistic and a seamless enterprise solution by integrating applications with multiple businesses Leveraging evolving technologies such as Internet of Things, Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence, Data Analytics and RPA among others, we facilitate Intelligent Automation of business processes.Our 2 decades of Quality Assurance, Cloud Computing, DevOps and an established managed service model, help complement our Digital Transformation solutions. This end-to-end capability makes us a partner of choice for customers in Fintech, Transportation & Logistics Telecom and Healthcare to name a few."
ESIC HOSPITAL,4.1,(174 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 33 more",71 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The ESI Act 1948, encompasses certain health related eventualities that the workers are generally exposed to; such as sickness, maternity, temporary or permanent disablement, Occupational disease or death due to employment injury, resulting in loss of wages or earning capacity-total or partial. Social security provision made in the Act to counterbalance or negate the resulting physical or financial distress in such contingencies, are thus, aimed at upholding human dignity in times of crises through protection from deprivation, destitution and social degradation while enabling the society the retention and continuity of a socially useful and productive manpower."
Azmeel Contracti...,3.5,(174 Reviews),Private,Al Jubail + 8 more,35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"AZMEEL Contracting & Construction Corporation, as a home company of AZMEEL Group is actively engaged in the diversified construction held all over the eastern province for a long time now. Our highly skilled manpower resource of more than 300 professional engineers in various disciplines, strong technical workforce with Inter-departmental coordination has yielded series of successful projects, where AZMEEL has set new standards while handling assignments for renowned clients i.e. SABIC aliates, Royal Commission, Saudi Telecom, SCECO, H.R.H. King of Bahrain, King Fahad Causeway Authority, Dammam and Eastern  Province Cement Company, Dammam as well as private clients and investors by executing gigantic projects.

As a broad range company, AZMEEL has contributed its professional skills and successfully undertaken variety of projects i.e. Mega Housing Projects, Commercial Projects, Shopping Malls, Chemical - Industrial Projects, O set Industrial Projects Cement Plants, Hospitals, High Standard Luxurious Palaces, Resort\Development, Sea Front Development, Ware Houses, Landscaping and Infrastructures, etc.
In addition to these, our sincere endeavors have led us to execute various projects for the 17 SABIC alliances, inside and outside their plants is in turn, led to the major Housing projects for SABIC, projects for Saudi Electrical Company and Saudi Telecom Company as well."
THE KCP,4.2,(174 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 13 more",82 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At KCP, sustainability is not just a companywide culture – it’s our way of life. We have always been committed, conscious and responsible to the society – our deep-rooted commitment to social values have always focused on the environment and in building a community. For decades, our healthcare, infrastructural, environmental, social, cultural and educational initiatives have been touching the lives of all our communities positively. Over the years, a few aspects in our brand ethos have remained the same and it has always centered around providing a safe, secure and environment-friendly society.Our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) efforts have traditionally focused on creating innovative new solutions and reworking the existing CSR framework for inclusive growth while not losing sight of our core values, ethics and practices. The current direction of our CSR activity has been geared towards sustainability and alignment to our business objectives.At KCP, we believe that we have an active role to play in the sustainable empowerment of communities in the areas of Education, Healthcare & Infrastructure."
Bharat IT Servic...,3.1,(174 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 32 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Bharat IT Services Limited is a fully owned subsidiary of the dynamic business conglomerate, the Spice i2i, Singapore, which has diversified interests in retail, finance, entertainment, IT and ITES. Driven by the vision to be the most reliable and preferred partner provider of cutting‐edge IT products and solutions that help our customers serve their customers better, the company has a leading presence in strategic IT verticals."
Uneecops Technol...,4.3,(174 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 13 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Uneecops Technologies Ltd. is a fast growing IT company with a headcount of 500+ employees, 10 offices across India and global footprint. We are the pioneer partners of SAP in India and provide SAP Business One solution to SMEs across India. The company has also developed SAP Business One Add-Ons - HROne (HRMS Solution) and Ctrl-A (Campus Management Solution)."
CallHealth,3.9,(174 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad,Telangana + 13 more",10 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"CallHealth is a technology-powered healthcare company that has built the world’s first integrated virtual-and-mobility platform to bring “Everything about Health” to the doorstep of the customer in and outside India. 

It is the first and only company in the world to provide an eHealth Platform that leverages Technology, Knowledge and Human Capital for comprehensive patient-centric services – Anytime, Anywhere. It’s organizational design is focused on productizing services at the enterprise level and on a scale that has never been envisioned anywhere before.  All this, combined with its franchise-based growth model will position Call Health to access 450 million customers in India alone within 5 years.

A paradigm shift in thinking, leading to a revolutionary change. CallHealth is building the innovation mindset of a start-up and in doing so, harnessing the collective knowledge & resources of its exceptional workforce. Providing its workforce the immense opportunity to create a paradigm shift in healthcare delivery, not just in India, but in other countries as well, Harness the power of IoT to truly integrate and transform healthcare delivery and develop, aggregate and analyze individual data, converting them into big-data algorithms to enable evidence-based, personalized and more effective healthcare solutions."
Barista Coffee C...,4.4,(174 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 22 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Our journey from the bean to the cup started in year 2000. Café culture had not set its footprint and coffee was still considered a luxury. Our quest to provide a truly international experience and brew a truly Italian cuppa, led us to create the brand Barista. Spearheading the Indian café culture, Barista was an opportunity to discover both the coffee and the craft.
No one has mastered coffee better than the Italians. Tipping our hats their way, Barista brings new meaning to Italian coffee and eats in the Indian sub-continent.
Today, we continue to brew coffee the way world does and in our journey we have created coffee relationships with our customers across India, Sri Lanka, Maldives, Bangladesh, Nepal and Myanmar."
Walplast Product...,4.0,(174 Reviews),Private,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 29 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Walplast Products Pvt. Ltd. has been promoted by professionals with long and successful experience in the field of manufacturing and marketing building materials. Walplast manufacturers various products in the field of Premixed Plaster, Wall Putty and other Building Materials at its plants located in India. The product range presently covers Skim Coat (Wall Putty), Water Proof Plasters, Tile Adhesives, Crack Fillers and Small Pack Additives for construction industry."
Gaursons,3.9,(174 Reviews),Public,"Ghaziabad,Uttar Pradesh + 5 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in the year 1995, Gaurs Group has never looked back. With a credo of chasing excellence in each and every endeavor, Gaurs Group, since its inception, has been riding high on the path of success. Since the very beginning, the company is on a journey of architectural excellence and customer satisfaction with a clear vision - to not only create innovative architecture but transform real estate vision into reality. With a long list of residential projects in Delhi NCR, it is one of the leading builders active in the region today. This multi-interest, multi-utility, real estate company is determined to create new architectural marvels in the future."
Biz 2 Credit Inf...,4.3,(174 Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 1 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Back in 2007, Biz2Credit was founded with one simple mission: to make getting credit easier for small business owners. Since then, we have taken that mission from simple beginnings to become both a leader in the small business financing industry as well as a preferred financial technology provider to banks, non-bank lenders, and all financial institutions that give business owners credit."
Nalco water,4.2,(174 Reviews),Private,Naperville + 26 more,95 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The world’s leading provider of water treatment and process improvements, Nalco Water partners with customers who seek innovative solutions for water and resource constraints. As an Ecolab company, we’re perfectly aligned with the corporate vision to be the global leader in water, hygiene and energy technology and services, providing and protecting what is vital.

At NALCO Water, water management is our passion. Every operation is unique, so Nalco professionals approach each customer’s business goals and water needs individually, and then explore ways to make their systems perform more efficiently.

3D TRASAR™ technology has revolutionized water management by allowing our customers to have complete real-time access to their water systems. Combining chemistry, remote services, monitoring, and automated control, this technology helps customers improve efficiency while reducing water and energy use.

We help our customers reduce energy, water and other natural resource consumption, enhance air quality, minimise environmental releases and improve productivity and end products while boosting their bottom line.

Nalco Water was founded as National Aluminate Corporation in 1928 through a merger of Chicago Chemical Company and Aluminate Sales Corporation, two Chicago-based companies selling sodium aluminate to treat water. Chicago Chemical Company sold mainly to municipalities and industrial plants for boiler feedwater treatment. Aluminate Sales Corporation sold to the railroads to condition the water used in steam locomotives.

In 1929, National Aluminate organised a small company in Texas called Visco Products Company to also sell sodium aluminate as an additive for drilling mud used in oil wells. This helped establish Nalco in the oil industry.  The replacement of steam locomotives by diesel units eliminated virtually half of Nalco's business in the United Sates. This proved a real turning point for the Company as it realized the need for diversification. Diesel fuel oil treatments and combustion catalysts, along with weed control chemicals for railroads created opportunities for Nalco in larger industrial markets.

The Company name was officially changed to Nalco Chemical Company in 1959 to reflect the broadening scope of activity. Within Nalco's research and development efforts, there was significant movement from inorganic to organic chemistry and Nalco pioneered the development of important synthetic polymers for use in water treatment.

Responding to customer needs during the energy crisis of the 1970s, Nalco's 50 years of experience in water treatment and petroleum technology, along with continued aggressive international expansion, helped the Company maintain a strong growth course.

A new Technical Centre in Naperville, Illinois was opened in 1979 with sophisticated process simulation equipment that, for the first time in this industry, allowed researchers to test product performance under customer plant operating conditions. In 1986, a 300,000 square foot complex was constructed adjacent to the Technical Centre and Nalco moved its corporate headquarters to Naperville.

Increasing emphasis on the environment marked the 1980s and 1990s. Leading the market, an innovative alternative to drums was introduced by Nalco in 1984 — the PORTA-FEED® Advanced Chemical Handling System — which features stainless steel units of various sizes that are fully drainable, stackable, and easily re-used. Innovations in technology led Nalco to develop sophisticated diagnostic feed, control and monitoring systems that provide more value-added service to our customers. Our history of award winning technologies includes significant advances in many key areas. In 1999, Nalco’s ULTIMER® polymer technology received the U.S. Presidential Green Chemistry Challenge Award. The Green Chemistry programme recognizes and promotes the development of innovative chemical technologies that prevent pollution and that have broad industrial applications.

Global market consolidation marked the decade of the 1990s as major industries worldwide addressed issues of core competency and competitiveness. More than two-dozen companies were acquired and integrated into Nalco during a decade that culminated with Nalco itself being acquired in 1999 by Suez Lyonnaise des Eaux, a world leader in infrastructure services. Suez integrated Nalco with Calgon Corporation and Aquazur — both world leading water treatment and process chemicals organizations. In March 2001, the Company’s name was changed to Ondeo Nalco Company as part of Suez’s rebranding of its water division.

Two years later a consortium of three American investment companies purchased Nalco from Suez and renamed the company again. In November 2004 the new Nalco Holding Company resumed trading on the New York Stock Exchange through an initial public offering of stock. Strong sales growth drove Nalco sales past the $3 billion mark for the first time that year. The investor group conducted a series of secondary stock offerings from 2005 through early 2007 by which they completely divested their ownership in the Company. In 2011, Nalco merged with Ecolab."
Weddingz.in,3.2,(174 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 27 more",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Weddingz.in is India's Largest Wedding Company started in the year 2015 by Mr. Sandeep Lodha. Weddingz.in is a one - stop shop for all wedding services anchored around wedding venues. We realize the stress one goes through in finalising their wedding venue and vendors, and aim to make this process a hassle-free experience for the consumer."
Greenpanel Indus...,4.3,(174 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 34 more",6 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Greenpanelis India's largestmanufacturerof wood panels. Our state-of-the-art manufacturing plants in Uttarakhand and Andhra Pradesh make top-quality Medium Density Fibreboard (MDF), Plywood, Veneers, Wooden Floors and Doors."
Apisero,4.4,(174 Reviews),Chandler + 7 more,7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Apisero is the trusted source of Salesforce and MuleSoft platform solutions for commercial, mid-market, and enterprise customers. Our certified consultants are skilled in the delivery of mission-critical solutions that help our customers adapt to the evolving needs of their business and accelerate digital transformation initiatives."
PwC Acceleration...,3.9,(174 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 3 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Bombay Intellige...,3.8,(174 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 39 more",47 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"BIS (India) LTD made an auspicious beginning in the year 1976, at a time when Pvt Security was in its most nascent stage. Its visionary Founder Shri R N Singh,MLC could forsee its role & importance in years to come as a valuable adjunct to Police & Para Police Forces inmeeting the internal security demands of the country. Since then BIS has been a trail blazer & a dominant player in its field.
Over the years BIS grew from strength to strength. By a very professional approach & by making value additions to meet the ever growing demands of the Clients,BIS forged ahead with steely resolve & determination to become one of the Premier Agencies of India.
As on date BIS has 57 fully operational Branches spread over the length & breadth of India & has its presence in the far flung areas of Himanchal, Assam, Arunchal, Meghalay & Sikkim.It has a workforce of 45000 fully trained, physically fit & mentally robust Security Guards(SGs) who are the cutting edge of the Organisation.
Today BIS name is synonymous with quality & trustworthy Security Service. Besides providing the entire gamut of security related services, BIS offers’ total security solutions’ to its esteemed Clients to ensure their 100% satisfaction. By judicious mix of ‘electronics & manpower’ BIS creates an impregnable security shield over the Premises of the Clients. BIS has the unique honour of having ISO 2018 – 9001:2015 Certification & CRISIL Rating– ‘A - /Stable outlook with highest performance capability & high financial strength’. BIS has a very healthy Balance Sheet with an annual turnover of Rs. 715 Crores. BIS is the only Agency in India having 150 ‘per – pro’ licensed guns on its charge."
Qatar Petroleum,4.2,(1.1k Reviews),Other,Doha + 10 more,49 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Qatar Petroleum (QP) is a state-owned public corporation established by Emiri Decree No. 10 in 1974. It is responsible for all phases of the oil and gas industry in the State of Qatar. The principal activities of QP, its subsidiaries and joint ventures are the exploration, production, local and international sale of crude oil, natural gas and gas liquids, refined products, synthetic fuels, petrochemicals, fuel additives, fertilizers, liquefied natural gas (LNG), steel and aluminium. QP’s strategy of conducting hydrocarbon exploration and development is through Exploration and Production Sharing Agreements (EPSA) and Development and Production Sharing Agreements (DPSA) concluded with major international oil and gas companies. The operations and activities of QP and its affiliates are conducted at various onshore locations, including Doha, Dukhan and the Mesaieed and Ras Laffan Industrial Cities, as well as offshore areas, including Halul Island, offshore production stations, drilling platforms and the North Field."
Sears Holdings,3.9,(180 Reviews),Private,"Hoffman Estates,Illinois + 5 more",14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sears Holdings India is an IT Company that provides corporate IT services and solutions to Sears Holdings Corporation (SHC, NASDAQ:SHLD) and its family of companies including Sears, Roebuck and Co., and Kmart Corporation. Sears Holdings India works as an extended arm to the core Information Technology (IT) team of SHC, located in the United States, and assists in developing and maintaining systems, services and applications used by SHC subsidiaries. World-class professionals at Sears Holdings India provide exemplary services to help SHC generate more value for its customers and shareholders.Established in December 2009 and headquartered in Pune, Sears Holdings India is one of the fastest growing technology development centers among IT companies in India. In the last two years, Sears Holdings India has opened development centers at IT hubs Bengaluru and Hyderabad.Sears Holdings India develops solutions that assist in making the Sears retail experience simpler and smoother. Sears Holdings India’s team of IT professionals are driven by ideas that can rapidly streamline overall functioning for greater customer experience and profitability. We offer a wide array of services to advice, transform and optimize business and IT processes while minimizing risk. Our services include systems integration, delivery, product support, e-commerce, m-commerce and managed services supporting business critical applications for the Sears retail chain."
Bal Pharma,3.8,(173 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 18 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bal Pharma Limited, a Bangalore based company specializes in API, Intermediates and Finished Formulations. We have 6 state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities approved by various international regulatory bodies and supply products to more than 60 countries.

We are one of the leading manufacturers of Gliclazide API in the world. We have filed Bepotastine API with US FDA. We also possess COS, Canadian, Japanese, Korean, European DMF’s for Glicalzide & Ebastine with fillings in pipeline viz Amiloride, Tolterodine Tartrate, Benzydamine HCl and Topiramate.

We have over 200 Finished Formulations of various therapeutic segments. We offer an extensive range of products covering tablets, capsules, syrups, suspensions, IV infusions, creams and ointments in different therapeutic segments. We have recently received EU GMP approval for the formulation facility and are looking for the partners to associate with Regulated markets."
Box8,3.4,(173 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 11 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 2012 by two IIT graduates - Anshul Gupta & Amit Raj - BOX8 started as a small outlet in a corporate cafeteria. The idea was to serve Irresistible Desi Meals in a convenient, easy-to-carry box. Today, we serve over 22,000+ meals every day across our 100+ outlets in Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, & Gurgaon!

Our 3 pillars of desi taste, tech, and logistics, define our goal to provide a delightful end-to-end experience every single time. Our full-stack approach gives us complete control over all aspects of food delivery from food quality, taste, technology, to last mile delivery. This allows us to provide our customers with a world-class food ordering experience!

You’ll be spoilt for choices with our unique Desi Box, All-In-1 Meals, Desi Openers, Paratha Wraps, Biryanis, Desserts, & more. We have a wide range of hand-picked, chef-crafted options with a desi mix in anything you pick!

Superfast Delivery is our forte! We deliver piping hot meals in under 38 mins. with no delivery charges. And did you know, we deliver late in the night till 1 AM? Oh yes, we do! ;)"
Globtier Infotec...,3.8,(173 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 27 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Globtier from the day of its establishment in 2005, is providing small, midsize and startup enterprises with advanced IT solutions and uplifting their business performance with innovative workflow. Over the years, we have established a track record of providing cost-effective managed IT services, software development, staffing solutions, and back-office administration services to the global companies through our offices in the USA, UK, INDIA & UAE."
Bal Pharma,3.8,(173 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 18 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bal Pharma Limited, a Bangalore based company specializes in API, Intermediates and Finished Formulations. We have 6 state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities approved by various international regulatory bodies and supply products to more than 60 countries.

We are one of the leading manufacturers of Gliclazide API in the world. We have filed Bepotastine API with US FDA. We also possess COS, Canadian, Japanese, Korean, European DMF’s for Glicalzide & Ebastine with fillings in pipeline viz Amiloride, Tolterodine Tartrate, Benzydamine HCl and Topiramate.

We have over 200 Finished Formulations of various therapeutic segments. We offer an extensive range of products covering tablets, capsules, syrups, suspensions, IV infusions, creams and ointments in different therapeutic segments. We have recently received EU GMP approval for the formulation facility and are looking for the partners to associate with Regulated markets."
Sonata Finance,4.1,(173 Reviews),Private,"Allahabad/Prayagraj,Uttar Pradesh + 45 more",28 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Sonata Finance Private Limited operates as a micro-finance company. The Company offers emergency, individual loan lending, money transfers, and gold loans to individual and groups. Sonata Finance serves customers in India."
Mitra SK,4.1,(173 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 27 more",85 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Since 1938, Mitra SK (MSK) has steadily gained worldwide recognition as an independent inspection and quality testing agency. MSK services include inspection, sampling, supervision and volumetric assessment of minerals, ores, Ferro-alloys, coal, coke, pet coke, cement clinker, non-ferrous ores and concentrates, fertilizers, environmental monitoring, food testing, and hygiene inspection. Its international network of laboratories and offices in 16 countries, expert technicians, rigorous procedures, and 80 years of testing experience assures accurate and consistent results on time. Except for North America and Antarctica, MSK is present in almost five continents, countries are Australia, Brazil, China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Gabon, Ivory Coast, Japan, Kenya, Mozambique, Morocco, Oman, Singapore, South Africa, South Korea, Taiwan, Tanzania, Turkey, UAE, Vietnam, Zimbabwe, etc. Accreditations by International certification bodies, and appreciations from customers, testify to quality standards and ensure that MSK certifications are accepted globally. Policies and procedures of MSK guarantee confidentiality of customer's information and test results in electronic storage and transmission. MSK offers Laboratory Outsourcing Services in various Mining, Metallurgical, Cement, Power Plants, and other industries. The mission is to provide specialized services to clients to deliver accurate, consistent, and timely test results. MSK is committed to enabling ready availability of knowledge, competence, and skill at the doorstep of customers."
Navata Road Tran...,3.7,(173 Reviews),Partnership,"Vijayawada,Andhra Pradesh + 25 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Navata Road Transport company was established in 1982, and has developed into one of the largest, leading logistics service provider in India.With more than 35 years of experience throughout India, we plan your logistics from your door step till your customers door step, whether just in time, with block customs clearance or storage"
Modi Mundi Pharm...,4.0,(173 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 31 more",33 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Encouraged by the success of Win-Medicare, another landmark joint-venture was formed to serve the healthcare needs of the country. Christened Modi-Mundipharma Ltd. the tie-up with the Mundipharma Group of Switzerland has further strengthened the Umesh Modi Group’s position in the pharmaceutical segment.

A rapidly growing pharma company, Modi-Mundipharma draws its primary strength from sound Research and Development as well as existing and effective formulations of the Mundipharma Group companies world-wide. Medical fraternity, across the length and breadth of India, perceives Modi-Mundipharma to be a pharma company that offers long-acting formulations in innovative drug delivery system in various therapeutic segments called continus Technology. Two well established brands in Continus Technology are Nitrocontin® and Unicontin-E®.

Modi-Mundipharma has also entered into in-licensing / distribution agreements with Zambon (Italy) for Monurol® and Fluimucil®, Sigma-Tau (Italy) for LevocarnilTM and Norgine (Netherlands) for Pegicol®. The Pain Management Division has successfully commercialized pain management products such as Buvalor®, Morcontin®, Dolmundin® and Dolofort®. Modi-Mundipharma has recently entered into an in-licensing arrangement with Anika Therapeutics, USA and Lavipharm (Greece) for Osteoarthritis and pain management respectively. These products would be commercialized in 2017. The focus of Modi-Mundipharma is to offer state-of-the-art and latest high-tech pharmaceutical solutions through introduction of differentiated products in the field of Asthma, Pain and Heart diseases. The company is effectively represented in the Domestic and South Asian markets."
Anudip Foundatio...,3.8,(173 Reviews),NGO/NPO,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 29 more",16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in 2007, Anudip Foundation is a professionally managed Section 8 not profit Indian Company, registered under Companies Act, 2013. As one of the partner organizations of the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) under the Union Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Anudip single-mindedly concentrates on creating digital livelihoods at scale for youth from India’s disadvantaged communities. 

Using innovative technologies, the company offers best-of-class skilling with professional diploma and certificate courseware at its training centers in urban, peri-urban, and remote rural locations of the country. Anudip’s successful placement record stems from its curriculum being customized to actual needs of employers from multiple sectors such as retail, micro-finance, IT, digital services, control and automation and others. So far, Anudip has trained more than 75,000 students spread across about 150 training centres in 10 major states of India: West Bengal, Jharkhand, Odisha, Bihar, Delhi/NCR, Chhattisgarh, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu."
American Tower C...,3.8,(173 Reviews),Private,"Boston,MA + 32 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in 1995, American Tower Corporation, one of the largest global Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs), is a leading independent owner, operator and developer of wireless and broadcast communications real estate. Our global portfolio includes more than 171,000 communications sites, including nearly 41,000 properties in the United States and more than 130,000 properties internationally. In addition to leasing space on wireless and broadcast towers, we provide customized solutions through our in-building systems, outdoor distributed antenna systems and other right-of-way options, managed rooftops and services that speed network deployment.

Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, American Tower has offices across the United States and in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, France, Germany, Ghana, India, Kenya, Mexico, Nigeria, Paraguay, Peru, South Africa and Uganda."
Appcino Technolo...,4.0,(173 Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 19 more",10 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"About Appcino
Appcino is a consulting and technology firm with a mission of being a reliable partner of
businesses looking for effective and accelerated digital transformation using modern work platforms.

APPCINO provides professional services on ""Salesforce""​ and ""Appian BPM""​ . Our objective is to maximize the Business Value of a project, at the same time we'll be reducing the costs. We feel there is no successful IT project if we can't derive any business values from it."
e-Centric Soluti...,3.5,(173 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 28 more,21 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Since its inception in 2002, eCentric solutions private limited has grown phenomenally from a specialist in software development and support into an end-to-end IT solutions provider for Government of India, US Government and Fortune 500 companies. eCentric is primarily focused on e-governance projects in India that are growing at a triple digit growth rate every year and off-shoring solutions ranging from strategy consulting, business analysis, project management, software development, software implementation, maintenance and support.

eCentric team comprises of over 2000 diverse professionals and management team who bring a strong history of domestic and international technology expertise for delivering right solutions to the client. Our team works on the reduction of operation costs allowing customers to focus on their strategies and core competencies.

Established in United States with Head-Quarters in Columbia, Maryland and Erie, Pennsylvania, eCentric also has Global Operations and Development Centers functioning in multiple cities out of India. eCentric has multiple engagements with Fortune 500 organizations in providing best-in-class, high-value, low-cost offshore outsourcing services."
ABIS Exports,4.0,(173 Reviews),Private,Rajnandgaon + 38 more,38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With a humble beginning in 1985 driven by ambition, IB Group has evolved into a diversified industry giant with presence in the poultry, FMCG, solvent, livestock feed, specialized pet food and hospitality segments. Headquartered at Rajnandgaon in the Chhattisgarh state, the company has focussed on research & development, advanced technologies and built a competent workforce to impart excellence in its business offerings. Undertaking a slew of socio-economic initiatives, the group has improved lives of rural poultry farmers and underprivileged children, women and youth.

We believe in providing the best protein nutrition to the society. We focus on producing protein centric products through proven scientific ways involving research & development and the best technology to impart best-in-class quality to our offerings."
Brg Iron And Ste...,3.7,(173 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 7 more",21 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"The BRG Group has three integrated group companies, working towards strengthening the longest steel value chain with products for greater strength, ease and comfort. BRG Iron & Steel Co. Pvt. Ltd. (BRISCO) and BRG Iron & Steel Co. Pvt. Ltd. has multiple integrated units in Dhenkanal, Odisha, manufacturing sponge iron, Ferromanganese, silico manganese & stainless steel slabs. The company has progressed rapidly in the short span of six years, establishing its quality among customers throughout India. It specializes in Alloy Steel, Carbon Steel, Stainless Steel Billets & Slabs."
British Biologic...,3.1,(173 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 33 more",35 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Popularly known as 'The Protein People', British Biologicals was founded in 1988 by Mr. V.S. Reddy, who, with his exceptional values and hard work, has placed the company on a pedestal of excellence. British Biologicals took flight as a small venture in the Nutraceutical field, and has been soaring to great heights. We, at British Biologicals, offer a wide range of nutritional supplements that are distinctive, reliable and 100 per cent safe for human consumption. We strive to achieve perfection in all our endeavours, and this reflects in our products.

Spread across a large area, British Biologicals boasts of a world class manufacturing facility located in Bangalore, India. The company is administered by a highly-experienced, innovative team of professionals who are dedicated to the ideology of excellent human health and well being. A considerable number of skilled employees are employed to contribute their diligence to the field of Nutraceutical science. We are technologically advanced with the latest production and packaging equipment. With a high volume production capacity per day, our facility is the largest and the most advanced of its kind in the whole of South East Asia.

British Biologicals is an ISO 22000: 2005 certified company that meets all food safety management requirements as an organization that falls under the food chain. Our facility is WHO GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) Certified & USDA Compliant. We produce the finest nutritional supplements and adhere to industry standards."
Atul Auto,3.5,(173 Reviews),Public,"Rajkot,Gujrat + 24 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sometimes all it takes is a dream. A dream that is fueled by innovation, a dream that creates change. A dream that turns possibilities into realities; and realities into defining moments. Defining moments that redefine an Era!

No matter how tough the load or how tough the terrain – ATUL is tougher –ATUL is a Trailblazer!

Our vehicles are amongst the sturdies, most reliable and low cost three wheelers on Global roads. ATUL vehicles are redefining the three wheeler industry. Over more than 1 million ATUL vehicles ply on Global roads, since the first rolled out in 1970s.

We are amongst the fastest growing 3 Wheeler Company in India, with the presence across 21 states with 200 primary and 130 secondary networks. The company’s dealership, sales, service, and spare parts network comprises over 600 touch points across the globe.

As opposed to Industry veterans, ATUL is one of the youngest & fastest growing companies in the sector.

In last five years, the production turnover has grown by three folds."
Baxter Pharmaceu...,4.3,(173 Reviews),Deerfield + 5 more,92 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"BioPharma Solutions, a business unit of Baxter, partners with pharmaceutical companies to support their commercialization objectives by providing scientific expertise, sterile contract manufacturing solutions, parenteral delivery systems, and customized support services needed to meet the unique challenges that parenteral products face.

Experience makes the difference: with over 85 years of parenteral expertise, we can help to navigate the pathway of success for your molecule. BioPharma Solutions provides our clients with confidence of delivery, service, and integrity - we know the work we do is ultimately vital to the patients you serve."
Vision Express,4.1,(173 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 28 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Reliance Retail is a multi-format retailer which operates, other than Vision Express, the following formats in India. GrandVision is a global leader in optical retail and is committed to delivering superior, high quality and affordable eye care to people around the world."
Sterling Tools,4.1,(173 Reviews),Public,"Faridabad,Haryana + 7 more",44 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sterling Tools Ltd was incorporated in 1979 and commercial production began in 1981. We made our first public offer in 1995 and began trading at Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National Stock Exchange (NSE). As a premier producer of cold forged hi-tensile fasteners we supply to all major auto OEMs. We are today one of the leading suppliers in India with a client base that extends across India, USA, Europe, South America and the Middle East."
Meghalaya Cement...,4.0,(172 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 6 more",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Meghalaya Cements Limited is a large integrated cement plant located in Meghalaya on NH 44, at Village Thangskai, District East Jaintia Hills with clinkerization capacity of 2600 tons per day and 4600 tons of cement per day along with its grinding unit located at Amingaon, Guwahati, Assam. It also has its own 10 MW Captive Power Plant to ensure 100% uninterrupted power availability.

The plant is based on advanced dry process rotary kiln technology with twin multistage pre heaters and completely automized through DCS system.

The esteemed clients of MCL get the best quality cement which is factory fresh and strongest providing utmost durability to the construction.

The company started its production in 2006 with capacity of 900 tons per day and later expanded to 2600 tons per day of clinkerisation and 3600 tons per day of cement with its new grinding unit. It has been an enduring journey through steepest cliffs and troublesome waters to success."
Tata Steel Proce...,3.9,(172 Reviews),Private,Kolkata + 23 more,26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Tata Steel Processing And Distribution Limited (TSPDL) is wholly owned subsidiary of Tata Steel. With 10 large processing units, 13 distribution locations and a host of partners , today TSPDL is India’s largest steel service organisation."
Cordlife Science...,3.9,(172 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 30 more",22 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Cordlife is a regional cord blood bank that operates the world's largest network of cord blood banks with full processing and cryopreservation storage facilities in Singapore, Australia, Hong Kong, Indonesia and India as well as marketing operations in Macau & Philippines. The first cord blood bank was set up in Singapore, and among the first in Asia, Cordlife's state-of-the-art facility is the first and only private cord blood bank in Southeast Asia to be accredited by AABB and is also licensed by the Ministry of Health, Singapore."
Health India Tpa...,3.5,(172 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 23 more",21 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"HealthIndia Insurance TPA Services Pvt. Ltd. was established in year 2002; with the mission to provide top quality TPA services to clients. 

HealthIndia Insurance TPA Services Pvt. Ltd. Provides benefits to the insured by quick cashless hospitalization and faster reimbursed mediclaim settlement, hence we are utterly concerned about our clients to provide all comforts in health care services.HealthIndia Insurance TPA Services Pvt.Ltd. also provides customized, high-quality health benefits administration programs and related outsourcing services to Insurance companies nationwide."
Al Tasnim Enterp...,3.8,(172 Reviews),Private,Muscat + 8 more,47 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The origins of Al Tasnim Group (100% Omani owned) date back over four decades. During these forty years, the Group has become one of the most reputed all service group in Oman’s construction industry. The Group has achieved this by basing everything it does on its core values of HSE & quality. Al Tasnim has consolidated its position at the forefront of Oman’s construction industry by playing an active role in providing the Country with some of its most recognizable landmarks.

Al Tasnim has grown from a small family business to one that leads the industry in contracting, manufacturing of cement products, building finishes products & roads, asphalt & infrastructure works, amongst other product offerings."
Woodland,3.7,(172 Reviews),Private,Quebec + 51 more,31 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),"Woodland is a premium brand of outdoor shoes and apparels in India with a network of 500 exclusive stores worldwide, the ultimate showcase for all Woodland collections, the stores offer unparalled customer service. The brand has presence in more than 4800 multi-brand outlets globally. The parent company of the brand, Aero Group, has been a pioneer since its inception in the early 1950’s and has been proactive in early adoption of new technologies. If its true experience brings wisdom then being in the business for more than 60 years means the company knows a thing or two about what the shoes are all about. From humble beginnings half a century ago to a global outdoor brand with around 2 billion dollars in assets, its been a journey of various milestones."
Monnet Group,4.2,(172 Reviews),Public,"Raipur,Chhattisgarh + 13 more",33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in 1994 by its dynamic Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. Sandeep Jajodia, Monnet Ispat & Energy Limited (MIEL), has a de-risked business portfolio that encompasses Ferro Alloys, Coal Washing, Mining and Real Estate.

Monnet Group has experience in executing and operating investments of $1 Billion in various projects.

We produce various ferro alloys, such as silico mangenese, ferro mangenese and ferro chrome, that are used in the production of different grades of steel.

The Monnet Group also carries out extensive coal washing and beneficiation for both the public and private sectors. The company’s services in this field extend from concept to commissioning under a single roof and operation of washery both in coking and non-coking sectors.

Having operated the largest underground coal mine in country, Monnet Group has deep experience in mining different types of minerals such as Coal, Iron Ore and Dolomite.

In the past few years the company has foreyed in the realty business and is steadily yet aggersively expanding its porfolio of real estate assets in the NCR region.

Being a socially sensitive company, we have a strong sense of responsibility to the communities we serve. Be it schools, hospitals, sustainable livelihood or maintenance of public spaces, we are continuously looking for ways to give back to the community that has helped put us on the path to success."
Drydocks World D...,4.1,(172 Reviews),LLC,"Dubai,Dubai + 10 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Located in one of the rapidly developing regions of the world and a busy trading route, Drydocks World’s Dubai shipyard is one of the most prolific shipyards in operation. The shipyard is the largest facility in the Middle East and is the flagship company of Dubai World subsidiary Drydocks World. A ship repair yard of choice, it is also the preferred location for vessel conversions, new building and offshore construction.Conceived as an ambitious project under the guidance of H.H. Sheikh Rashid Bin Saeed Al Maktoum, the late Ruler of Dubai, the facility on an average handles 350 vessels in a year, most of them ULCCs (Ultra Large Crude Carriers) and VLCCs (Very Large Crude Carriers). It completed 30 years of operation in 2008. The shipyard has repaired over 7500 vessels so far."
Peter England,4.3,(172 Reviews),Private,Londonderry + 78 more,134 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Peter England was founded in 1889, Londonderry, Ireland to provide British soldiers with fine Khaki trousers during the Boer War. More than a century later, Peter England made its foray into the Indian market in 1997.

The brand was acquired by Aditya Birla Group in 2000 and quickly went on to become India’s Leading Menswear Brand. The brand was listed in top 5 most trusted brands in apparel category for 7 consecutive years. And keeping in sync with the youth, Peter England offers apparel that cater to every fashion occasion of a young professional’s life

With a staunch belief in authenticity, Peter England has become one of the most trusted and responsible international brands, providing unmatched value to young Indian men. With a strong foothold in formal and causal menswear segments, Peter England also offers innovative collections in denims, linen, festive wear, Indies kurtas, accessories, and more."
YKK,4.0,(172 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 11 more",28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"YKK wants you to XYZ (examine your zipper). The Japanese company is best-known for its zippers and other fasteners and notions (buttons, snaps, hook-and-loop fasteners) that are found in sewing goods stores and on everything from Levis to luggage. However, the group's largest business segment is aluminum architectural products (windows, curtain walls, sliding doors). In addition, YKK makes precision machinery and die sets. The company operates more than 120 affiliated companies in 70 countries worldwide. One of its US subsidiaries, YKK (U.S.A.) Inc., has the country's largest zipper factory, which produces more than 1,000 zipper styles in more than 1,000 colors. YKK was founded in 1934 by Tadao Yoshida."
MARK EXHAUST SYS...,3.9,(172 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 8 more",30 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Mark Exhaust is a leading manufacturer and global supplier of automobile components. As a progressive company we are defined by our stable lineage, consistent financial growth, quality reputation and customer orientation.Mark Exhaust is today an end to end auto components solution provider. We work with an impressive list of clients which includes both leading auto companies in India and Europe. By capitalizing on our in-house strengths, we have successfully nurtured relationships with many European OEM and aftermarket leaders. An initiative to provide warehousing and assembly facilities in the UAE further cements our position as an exporter. This helps reduce logistical constraints and allows for reduced lead time which enables our customers to have a more flexible ordering schedule"
QBurst Technolog...,4.7,(172 Reviews),Private,"Chantilly,Virginia + 6 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),QBurst is a full-service software solutions provider that works with clients to maximize the effectiveness of their business through the adoption of digital technology.
Prione Business ...,4.3,(172 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 22 more",9 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"As of June 2019, Prione has enabled more than 44,000 small and medium businesses (SMBs) in India across 30+ product categories. We hope to create the largest and most active SMB network in the e-commerce world.

We play an important role in getting Indian SMBs to sell online and help them through every stage: understanding e-commerce, creating product catalogs, training on the tools and technology needed for an online business, advising them on logistics and products for growth of their online business.

We support SMBs every step of the way to develop from a traditional retail store with local customers to an online e-commerce business with buyers all over the country."
Citykart Retail,4.1,(172 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 43 more",7 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"CityKart – one of the largest family stores chain in North and North East India. In the rapidly evolving retail scenario, currently, the group operates 50+ retail outlets with a retail area of more than 1.5 Lacs Sqft. We are currently present at states like Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, And Assam. We are amongst the pioneers in setting up modern ambience stores or large retail malls across various small towns and cities like including Ballia (UP), Mirzapur (UP) , Muzaffarpur (Bihar), Silchar (Assam) and many more.

We offer wide range of fashion garments to each member of the family at the best possible price. CityKart prides itself in being a fashion store for the entire family. Everything at CityKart is exclusively merchandised and the products range of high fashioned clothes, accessories, footwear, toys, and luggage, household and home furnishing needs for men, women and children.

We believe in good old traditional values, yet a contemporary outlook, fun, laughter, tons of shopping and enjoyable times for the entire family. Think Customers. Think one on one interaction We share a unique bond of friendship and mutual concern with all our customers. We care for you, and are always striving to provide you with tons of shopping, unlimited fun, and an experience that makes you feel like a star. We believe customer relationship is of prime importance for any enterprise and we always put our customers before everything else."
Monnet Group,4.2,(172 Reviews),Public,"Raipur,Chhattisgarh + 13 more",33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in 1994 by its dynamic Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. Sandeep Jajodia, Monnet Ispat & Energy Limited (MIEL), has a de-risked business portfolio that encompasses Ferro Alloys, Coal Washing, Mining and Real Estate.

Monnet Group has experience in executing and operating investments of $1 Billion in various projects.

We produce various ferro alloys, such as silico mangenese, ferro mangenese and ferro chrome, that are used in the production of different grades of steel.

The Monnet Group also carries out extensive coal washing and beneficiation for both the public and private sectors. The company’s services in this field extend from concept to commissioning under a single roof and operation of washery both in coking and non-coking sectors.

Having operated the largest underground coal mine in country, Monnet Group has deep experience in mining different types of minerals such as Coal, Iron Ore and Dolomite.

In the past few years the company has foreyed in the realty business and is steadily yet aggersively expanding its porfolio of real estate assets in the NCR region.

Being a socially sensitive company, we have a strong sense of responsibility to the communities we serve. Be it schools, hospitals, sustainable livelihood or maintenance of public spaces, we are continuously looking for ways to give back to the community that has helped put us on the path to success."
Core Integra Con...,3.7,(172 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 42 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Core Integra Consulting Services Private Limited, is a services company that is focused on helping organizations enrich its human resources function through strategic partnering."
Elin Appliances,4.1,(172 Reviews),Private,"Ghaziabad,Uttar Pradesh + 9 more",54 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Elin is a flagship company promoted by Sethia family. Elin Group was established in 1969 in Ghaziabad in the National Capital Region of Delhi. The Elin Group of Companies are in the business of Designing & Manufacturing of Tools, Metal Parts, Plastic Parts, Motors as well as Domestic home appliances for OEMs having sales turnover of over US $ 100 Million. Elin has manufacturing facilities at Ghaziabad, near New Delhi, Baddi in Himachal Pradesh and Goa. The company has been constantly delighting its customers with competitive products by focussing on continuous improvements in its systems & processes."
Keihin India Man...,4.2,(172 Reviews),Tokyo + 7 more,67 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"Keihin operates 31 production centers in fourteen countries around the world as we expand our automobile business and its motorcycle and general-purpose business operations.

We specialize in control systems for electric vehicles, including power control units with world-class output density and battery management systems. We also produce HVAC systems and engine management systems for gasoline engine vehicles both improve fuel efficiency and reduce environmental impact. Our extensive lineup of parts are paving the way for a new era of eco-friendly vehicles as we contribute to the further evolution of the automobile."
Al Tasnim Enterp...,3.8,(172 Reviews),Private,Muscat + 8 more,47 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The origins of Al Tasnim Group (100% Omani owned) date back over four decades. During these forty years, the Group has become one of the most reputed all service group in Oman’s construction industry. The Group has achieved this by basing everything it does on its core values of HSE & quality. Al Tasnim has consolidated its position at the forefront of Oman’s construction industry by playing an active role in providing the Country with some of its most recognizable landmarks.

Al Tasnim has grown from a small family business to one that leads the industry in contracting, manufacturing of cement products, building finishes products & roads, asphalt & infrastructure works, amongst other product offerings."
Elico Healthcare...,3.1,(172 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 3 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Backed by Elico Ltd., with an enviable reputation of six decades of pioneering achievements, stability and business excellence as a technology leader in laboratory Analytical Instruments, Elico Healthcare Services is providing back office healthcare processing support for its business partners, and fine tuning the medical billing workflow and processes for over ten years.

Elico has great customer references and a fine team of both management and billing experts who constantly strive to deliver strategic value for our clients, in addition to significant time and cost reductions. We process over one million claims per year, offering our clients savings of up to 30%. Our clients profit from our high degree of accuracy, Turn Around times and reduced denials of over 85%. Net collection rates have gone up significantly by over 95%.

We believe in collaborative, long-term business relationships that evolve and grow stronger over time. Our clients have grown with us since inception and are scaling up their operations every year. Some have entered into multi-year contracts which reflect their trust in our quality and reliable performance and offer potential savings that significantly increase their profitability by over 15%."
Tata Steel Long ...,3.8,(172 Reviews),Public,Keonjhar + 9 more,41 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Tata Steel Long Products Limited (Formerly Tata Sponge Iron Limited) is one of India’s largest merchant sponge iron manufacturers. The company is engaged in the production of sponge iron by direct reduction method of iron ore and power generation from waste heat. The Company commenced its journey as IPITATA Sponge Iron Limited in 1982. It was a joint venture between Tata Steel Limited and the Industrial Promotion & Investment Corporation of Orissa Limited (IPICOL) for the prod//uction of sponge iron, based on the TISCO Direct Reduction (TDR) technology. Later, in 1991, Tata Steel acquired IPICOL’s entire stake and Tata Sponge became an associate company of Tata Steel. Tata Steel Long Products is now a subsidiary of Tata Steel, wherein Tata Steel holds 75.91% shareholding. Company produces and markets sponge iron, across India and in neighboring countries. Moreover, the Company also exports its surplus power from its two power plants to the parent company.

Recently, the Company has acquired the steel business undertaking of Usha Martin Limited. The business being acquired inter-alia comprises of a specialized ~1.0 mtpa alloy based manufacturing capacity in long products segment based in Jamshedpur, a producing iron-ore mine, a coal mine under development and captive power plants."
Alchem Internati...,3.8,(171 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 17 more",88 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Founded in 1935, Alchem International Pvt. Ltd. is a pioneer in the field of Phytochemicals with over 75 years of experience in providing plant derived active ingredients to the Pharmaceutical, Cosmetic and Nutraceutical industries across 35 countries globally. We have over 1000 employees worldwide, with 3 manufacturing sites across India and 4 International divisions with offices in India, Europe, Hong Kong and the United States. Alchem International Pvt. Ltd. is an export orientated company with sales in over 35 countries. 90% of the production is exported out of India. We have filed regulatory dossiers in over 20 countries. Domestically, our Alchem Phytoceuticals and EpiQue divisions are dynamic, innovative and fast growing providers of healthcare and cosmetic finished products to the Indian market with an eye on international expansion."
Accord Synergy,3.9,(171 Reviews),Public,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujrat + 24 more",9 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Accord Synergy Ltd. demands highest level of excellence from its people. Most of our Engineers are through professional referrals and extensive interviews. Area of expertise is the key factor in our strategies. We at Accord Synergy Ltd. strictly believe in specialization of the job. Hence, we see to it that only a person with exclusive expertise in certain field given that particular job.
Understanding the revolutionary technical enhancement and ever-changing faces of the telecommunication, our people constantly exposed to newer versions of the technologies through seminars, meetings, and exclusive training sessions conducted by the recognized experts.

We at ACCORD are highly dedicated and talented engineering workforce with deep knowledge, multiple skill-set and the right attitude, An effulgent group of professionals with a high background and rich experience backed by result-oriented technocrats that has grown from a medium unit to a modest company catering to a wide range of clientele.
A symbiosis of talent committed itself to strive for total customer satisfaction by consistently rendering quality assured services that meet the customer requirement and confirms to specific standards."
Big C,4.0,(171 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 30 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Big C is the largest retail chain and aims to offer smiles by providing a variety of the latest mobiles phones and accessories released worldwide. Over the years, we assessed needs and always provided high quality yet budget-friendly products both in-store and online. We are proud to be announced No 1 retail Icon by Times Business awards for consecutive 5th year."
Autometers Allia...,4.1,(171 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 9 more",64 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Autometers Alliance Ltd is an ISO9001, ISO14001, ISO45001 certified Indian company manufacturing high technology products to international standards. The company ranks amongst the country's premier hi-tech engineering solutions provider for Switchgear, Data Acquisition, Power Electronics, Audio & Display Systems, Escalators and UPS Systems for Metro and Railway  networks  and  for  industrial  applications. The company has formed strategic alliances with leading OEM’s  worldwide."
Bajaj Energy,4.1,(171 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 13 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Our Company, along with Lalitpur Power Generation Company Limited (LPGCL), is one of the largest private sector thermal generation companies in Uttar Pradesh. We have a track record of developing, financing and operating thermal power plants in India. We have a total gross installed capacity of 2,430MW, comprising 450 MW from five operational plants of 90 MW each, owned and managed by Bajaj Energy Limited (BEL) and 1,980 MW from the power plant owned and managed by LPGCL.

The aggregate installed capacity of 2,430 MW for the BEL Power Plants and the LPGCL Power Plant is fully contracted for under the long-term Power Purchase Agreements (PPA) entered into with certain state government-owned procurers through UPPCL. As at the financial year ended March 31, 2018, the PPAs of the BEL Power Plants and the LPGCL Power Plant have a remaining average term of 18 years and 23 years, respectively. 

BEL and LPGCL has each entered into long-term fuel supply agreements with Central Coal Fields Limited, a subsidiary of Coal India Limited, for the supply of coal to the BEL Power Plants and the LPGCL Power Plant. Additionally, LPGCL has also entered into fuel supply agreements with other subsidiaries of Coal India Limited for the supply of coal."
Pepe Jeans,4.3,(171 Reviews),Private,Municipility Of Sant Feliu De Llobregat + 37 more,50 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Born in 1973 on the streets of Portobello, worn in the world today. As a denim pioneer we have consistently reinvented the definition of denim to keep up with the trends. We are an iconic brand that is synonymously associated with denim and limitless creativity. Pepe Jeans London gives you the foundations to exude self-confidence, uniqueness and authenticity."
Puravankara Proj...,4.2,(171 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 9 more",48 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Since its inception in 1975, Puravankara has believed that there is only one mantra for success: Quality. This credo combined with uncompromising values, customer-centricity, robust engineering and transparency in business operations, has placed it among the ‘most preferred’ real estate brands in both residential and commercial segments. The Company has grown from strength to strength, having successfully completed 48 residential projects and 2 commercial projects spanning upto 23.54 million square feet (PPL’s economic interest –20.93 msft). Currently it has 24.87 million square feet / 17,895 units (PPL’s economic interest – 22.03 msft/ 16,188 units) of projects under development, with an additional 22.73 million square feet(PPL’s economic interest – 18.98msft) in projected development. An ISO 9001 certification by DNV in 1998 and a DA2+ rating by CRISIL are testaments to Puravankara’s reputation as a real estate developer of the highest quality and reliability standards."
Omninos Solution...,4.7,(171 Reviews),Chandigarh + 21 more,7 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"We’re professional, individualistic one stop shop providing strategic brand consulting, experience and customer journey design, Mobile App design and development, website and software development, and just about everything else which has to do anything with digital technology."
Vodafone Intelli...,4.2,(171 Reviews),Pune + 2 more,17 years old,N/A,N/A,"Established in 2006, _VOIS – Vodafone Intelligent Solutions – has grown from a single entity service provider to a global, purpose-driven TechCo, dedicated to driving scale @ speed and delivering value to Vodafone.

We are a global team of over 24,000 highly skilled people, servicing 28 countries across 4 locations in Egypt, India, Hungary and Romania.

We underpin everything that Vodafone does. We bring innovation and agility to everything we do and everyone we serve. We move the world forward, every day."
GS Lab,4.3,(171 Reviews),Private,Pune + 2 more,20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GS Lab not only works with customers to build innovative products and services, but it also helps them nurture their ideas, stays with them during market validation and scales those ideas into viable businesses. Our size and varied technology expertise, complemented by a customer-centric engagement models makes us nimble, agile and help craft solutions for our customers for critical business and technological challenges.
We are a partner to our customers, sharing their vision while mitigating their risks.

Our passion for solving complex problems through technology solutions makes us the preferred technology partner of choice for achieving new thresholds of business performance."
Fourrts,3.9,(170 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 29 more",46 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Good health is the primary goal of any individual, society or the nation as a whole. Fourrts was founded in 1977 with a strong commitment to the society to deliver quality health care. Fourrts with its impressive standing in the Pharma Industry for the last 41 years is committed to excellence in health care. Fourrts is an Ethical, Transparent, Spirited, and Vibrant organization with progressive out look. The dedicated approach of Fourrts has made available a range of innovative, value added, evidence based products for the ailing patients."
Themis Medicare,3.2,(170 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",54 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The company has evolved by name and owners over the years from Therapeutic Pharmaceuticals, Laboratories Orgasyn, Chemosyn Laboratories to Themis Chemicals, a joint venture with the Hungarian pharmaceutical company Gedeon Richter."
Sir Ganga Ram Ho...,4.3,(170 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 10 more",69 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Sir Ganga Ram Hospital is a 675-bed multi-specialty state-of-the-art Hospital in India. It provides comprehensive Healthcare India services, and has acquired the status of a premier medical institution. It is the only hospital in the private sector that has maintained nearly 100% bed occupancy due to its reputation of providing the highest level of medical services to patients from Delhi and neighboring states. The hospital was founded initially in 1921 at Lahore by Sir Ganga Ram (1851-1927), a civil engineer and leading philanthropist of his times. After the partition in 1947, the present hospital was established in New Delhi on a plot of land approximately 11 acres. The foundation was laid in April 1951 by the then Prime Minister of India Shri Jawahar Lal Nehru and inaugurated by him on 13 April 1954.
Sir Ganga Ram Hospital in India continues to maintain its charitable character in accordance with to the wishes of its founder. Funds generated from the hospital services are partially utilized for providing free health care to the poor and needy patients. All development activities of the hospital are financed from internal resources, with no financial assistance provided by the government or other external agencies."
Invensis Technol...,3.4,(170 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 3 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Invensis Technologies is a leading IT-BPO service provider has been empowering clients around the world to achieve business transformation and growth through its services that boost process and operational efficiencies. We have been operating since 2000 with an office in Wilmington, DE, USA, and delivery centers in Bangalore, Hyderabad and Rajahmundry, India."
Wagh Bakri Tea G...,4.3,(170 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 21 more",108 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Wagh Bakri Tea Group is a Premium Tea Company, having presence in tea business since 1892. Today it is the 3rd largest packaged tea company in India with a turnover of over Rs. 1000 Cr. and over million Kgs of tea distribution. The group is a leading stride in tea exports and retail consumer all over the world. With huge number of Wagh Bakri tea lovers around the world, it has emerged as a truly global brand. The company enjoys undisputed market presence in Gujarat, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Delhi, Hyderabad, Chhattisgarh & Goa and has recently forayed in to Western Uttar Pradesh."
Nippon Audiotron...,3.6,(170 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 10 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are a professionally managed, customer-centric company focusing on Car Infotainment, Safety/Security & Connected Products. 

We believe in giving value to all stakeholders, including Technical Partners & OEM Customers by Developing & Delivering Superior Quality Products backed by Excellent Services."
Cogoport,4.0,(170 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",7 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"We use technology to make it easier for small and medium-sized exporters and importers to grow their business internationally. Founded June 2016, Over 500 containers shipped 2017, 2018 Team of 250+ & Europe expansion, Over 3,000+ containers shipped in one day.

We want to make life easier for small & medium-sized exporters and importers.
Import/export and shipping goods have been until now a cumbersome process with hefty documentation, lack of transparency, poor stakeholder collaboration and process inefficiencies.

All the best import, export services in one place.Using the Cogoport platform, exporters and importers can easily connect with logistics providers (shipping liners, freight forwarders, transporters, customs house agents, etc.) and collaborate with them to conduct their international trade more efficiently.

Grow your business and free up your time.We also have added services that help small and medium-sized importers and exporters to plan and manage their daily business efficiently. Our goal is to help you grow your business and free up your time."
ITCONS e-Solutio...,3.8,(170 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 52 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ITCONS e-Solutions Private Limited, a company duly incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act -1956 Founded in May 2007 and is Head quartered in Noida, India.ITCONS e-Solutions Private Limited, a company into Recruitment product space is seed funded by AII, MSME (Ministry of Small and Medium size Enterprises) and TDB (Technology Development Board). The current product portfolios comprise of RecruitPlus-Talent Management Suite powered with Applicant Tracking System, Vendor Management System, Client Management System, Resource Management System, Employee Referral Management System, Resume parser (file folder, outlook and even from any website), JD parser with an accuracy level up to 99%. We have also developed a prototype of semantics /AI based CV and JOB context matching engine, which is called as RecruitPlus Intelligent Concept Search. Talent Management suite helps corporate and staffing companies to harness the power of the centralized database in a distributed environment."
Fingent,4.8,(170 Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 2 more",20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are a "" Great Place to Work"" - certified global IT company providing strategic IT business solutions and services to solve complex business problems, across multiple industry sectors including retail, healthcare, finance, education, and more. Visit https://www.fingent.com to know more.
Our core values, focus on our 4 pillars of strength - ""Customers"", ""Peers"", ""Family and Self"" and ""Society"" - are ingrained in everything we do. This has helped us develop one of the best work cultures among technology services firms, while retaining one of the best client ratings of 4.9 out of 5.0 for - quality, schedule and cost on over 850 projects.
We also have a strong social commitment, enabling people in vulnerable situations develop their own opportunity and ability to influence their future in a positive way."
Cyber Infrastruc...,3.5,(170 Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 1 more",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Started on 7th November 2003, Cyber Infrastructure (CIS) is certified as CMMI Level 3, ISO 9001, ISO 27000 and is Microsoft Gold Partner, SAP Silver Partner Organization. CIS is the Biggest Information Technology Services Company in Central India. 

CIS combines our strength in technology, domain knowledge, and proven quality processes to deliver solutions that help our clients fulfill their Business Dreams. 

CIS is having HQ and Development Center in Indore, India and offices in USA (Atlanta, San Jose); London, UK; Singapore; South Africa; and many local representative offices in Europe, and Asia.

Our biggest assets are our employees, who are highly motivated and dedicated, with a high degree of professionalism. Our 700+ professional's have the convergence of multi-platform skills and extensive industry specific knowledge, which has geared them to handle sophisticated International assignments."
Al Ahleia Switch...,3.4,(170 Reviews),Private,Safat + 9 more,41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"- Established in 1982 by Sayed Hamid Behbehani & Sons , Kuwait.

- First Kuwaiti company to be awarded with ISO 9001 back in 1995 by DNV.

- Company certified for ISO/TS 29001:2010 Quality Management System standard 
   for Petroleum, Petrochemical and Natural Gas Industries.

- Company certified for ISO 14001:2004 Environmental Management System 
   standards.

- Company certified for OHSAS 18001:2007 Occupational health and safety 
   assessment series.

- Wide spectra of products covering Packaged Substations, concrete substations, 
   switchgears, battery chargers, control & relay panels, transformers, Data 
   acquisition system, etc."
SISL Infotech,3.5,(170 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 31 more",16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"SISL Infotech Pvt. Ltd is an ISO 9001:2008 certified provider of specialty IT services. Through our strategic partnerships with global technology giants like Dell EMC, HPE, IBM, Adobe, VMWare,Symantec, Trend Micro, Checkpoint and others we offer bespoke technology based solutions that work seamlessly with our client businesses. Our client-focused team of professionals is structured to deliver the best customer oriented IT products, software development services, digital solutions and data capturing services making us preferred partners in India for the Government and Enterprise businesses."
Cipla Industries,3.9,(170 Reviews),New Delhi + 27 more,25 years old,11-50 Employees (India),N/A,"Cipla Plast is a company that has been causing revolution with its innovative and elegant bathroom accessories & gifts items. The company was setup mere fifteen years back but with its high standards of quality and never seen before design it’s already touching pinnacle of success. Its has been successfully endowing with such appealing ideas that not only impresses but also is so unique in their making that its hard not to acquire one.

The lifetime trouble free smooth movement and ample of storage area highlights its utility factor making it more desirable, a part from radiating its aura and providing your bathroom with its most advent charm and moreover in a particular category the article is made of same measurements so that one can easily replace another with utmost ease. The sole purpose of Cipla Plast is to bestow you with maximum space in minimum place, so that you can make more use out of your bathroom then you ever through of."
Mobikwik,3.5,(170 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 13 more",14 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"MobiKwik is India's largest issuer-independent digital financial services platform, leveraging a sophisticated product and merchant acquisition capabilities. It is the undisputed No.2 player in the mobile wallet space in India and amongst the top 3 players in the payment gateway industry in the country. It has a network of over 3 million direct merchants, 140+ billers and 107 million-plus users. It records over 1 million transactions/ day. Founded in 2009 by Bipin Preet Singh & Upasana Taku, MobiKwik is backed by marquee investors including Sequoia Capital, American Express, Tree Line Asia, MediaTek, GMO Payment Gateway, Cisco Investments, Net1 and Bajaj Finance. MobiKwik has grown by leaps and bounds over the past few years. The company has clocked a 4x growth in transactions on YoY basis. The brand vision is to enable a billion Indians with one tap access to digital payments, loans, investments and insurance by the year 2022."
Piramal Glass,4.2,(170 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 7 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Piramal Glass Private Limited is a global specialist in design, production and decoration of premium glass packaging (flaconnage) equipped with end-to-end glass packaging solutions in over 50 countries under the globally recognized brand name of “Piramal Glass”. The company is the largest speciality glass player in Asia and one of the fastest growing companies in the world. It is a one-stop-shop for glass packaging solutions across Pharmaceutical, Cosmetics & Perfumery, and Specialty Food & Beverage businesses. With best in class manufacturing facilities and configuration of technology, design, and layout, Piramal Glass aims to meet and exceed its customers’ expectations. The Company is on a mission to become the world’s most preferred supplier of glass flaconnage through continuous value addition, superior quality and unmatched service."
Praxair,4.1,(170 Reviews),Private,"Danbury,Connecticut + 26 more",116 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Praxair, Inc. is an American worldwide industrial gases company. It was the largest industrial gases company in North and South America, and the third-largest worldwide by revenue. In 2018 it merged with Linde AG to form Linde plc"
Faasos Food Serv...,3.8,(170 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 16 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),FAASOS is a “food on demand” company changing the very definition of a culinary experience. Comforting the tech – savvy preferring to order their food online and getting it hot and fresh at their door.
NACL Industries,4.4,(170 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 33 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NACL Industries limited is a renowned player in the Agrochemical space. Started in 1993 as Chemagro International Limited. NACL has started off with the manufacturing of Agrochemical Active Ingredients. Today, NACL has emerged as a trustworthy brand in Farming Community."
WAKEFIT INNOVATI...,3.8,(170 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 21 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Wakefit.co is a research and innovation-driven sleep and home solutions company established in March 2016. It was founded by Ankit Garg and Chaitanya Ramalingegowda, with a vision to democratize sleep and home solutions in India. With an ever-expanding portfolio that includes mattresses, pillows, bedframes, mattress protector, comforters, bedsheets, neck pillows, back cushions, bedside tables, shoe-racks, wardrobes, sofas, work desks, ergonomic chairs, and more, Wakefit.co manufactures its products in-house at its manufacturing plants and sells across the country through its own online portal and through other online marketplaces. 

Wakefit.co prides itself on its customer experience, with over 6 Lakh customers serviced over five years and 1 Lakh+ positive reviews received online. The company has received Series A funding from marquee investor, Sequoia Capital India and Series B funding from Verlinvest and Sequoia Capital India. It has recorded 2.5 - 3x revenue growth year-on-year since 2016."
Securens System,3.9,(170 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 25 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Securens Systems Pvt. Ltd. is India’s leader in eSurveillance with the mission of “PREVENT CRIME BEFORE IT HAPPENS”.Customers have found man-guarding unreliable, inefficient and expensive. They felt there was a need for an efficient technological alternative. Securens has deployed various eSurveillance solutions that have helped customers to not only substantially increase the efficiency of their security but also considerably reduced the cost of man-guarding by up to 60%."
High Street Esse...,4.5,(170 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 24 more",501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Merck Life Scien...,4.2,(170 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 12 more,355 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Merck, a leading science and technology company, operates across healthcare, life science, and performance materials. Around 56,000 employees work to make a positive difference to millions of people’s lives every day by creating more joyful and sustainable ways to live. From advancing gene-editing technologies and discovering unique ways to treat the most challenging diseases to enabling the intelligence of devices – Merck is everywhere. In 2018, Merck generated sales of €14.8 billion in 66 countries.
Scientific exploration and responsible entrepreneurship have been key to Merck’s technological and scientific advances. This is how Merck has thrived since its founding in 1668. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed company. Merck holds the global rights to the “Merck” name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the business sectors operate as EMD Serono in healthcare, MilliporeSigma in life science, and EMD Performance Materials.

Merck was incorporated in India as E. Merck India Private Limited in 1967. In 2017, we completed 50 years in India, starting out as a pharmaceutical company and growing to become a science and technology business spanning all the sectors of Healthcare, Life Science and Performance Materials.

In India, Merck has offices, manufacturing sites and IT centers across Mumbai and Bengaluru. Sales offices are located in Delhi, Kolkatta, and Hyderabad. Over 2000 employees represent Merck in India."
Javi Systems,3.8,(170 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 33 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The organization’s endeavor has always been to be the leader in providing innovative cutting edge technology –“providing tomorrow’s technology, today” through strong and strategic alliances with global technology leaders."
Google Operation...,3.2,(170 Reviews),Hyderabad/Secunderabad + 10 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
TVS Mobility,4.0,(6.6k Reviews),Public,Madurai + 47 more,112 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"The TVS Group traces its origins to a rural transport service, founded in 1911 in Tamil Nadu, India. Today, this renowned business conglomerate remains faithful to its core ideals of trust, values, service and ethics.

The TVS Group is India’s leading supplier of automotive components and
one of the country’s most respected business groups. With a combined turnover of more than over $ 6.5 Billion , the TVS Group employs a total workforce of close to over 39,000 employees . Charting a steady growth path of expansion and diversification, it currently comprises around over 50 companies.

These operate in diverse fields that range from two-wheeler and automotive
component manufacturing to automotive dealerships, finance and electronics.
Uniting these multiple businesses is a common ethos of quality, customer
service and social responsibility."
Emerson Climate ...,4.1,(171 Reviews),St. Louis + 17 more,133 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"We concentrate on the most complex, profound challenges facing the world in the process, industrial, commercial and residential markets. Our global talent, best-in-class technologies and core platforms deliver value across a range of industries and sectors. With us, you can always Consider It Solved™."
Markelytics Solu...,4.8,(169 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 2 more",20 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Markelytics Solutions Ltd. is a leading global Market Research agency providing end-to-end research solutions, trusted by the best. Established in 2003, today, we are part of market leader Cross-Marketing Inc. which is listed on Tokyo Stock exchange. Markelytics has worldwide presence to facilitate real market intelligence using latest methodology, best-in-class research techniques and cost-effective measures for world’s leading research professionals and agencies."
Samarth LifeScie...,3.3,(169 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 28 more",60 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"SAMARTH LIFE SCIENCES PRIVATE LIMITED is a innovative life science company that researches, develop, manufactures and markets a broad range of life saving critical drugs and other drugs and committed to deliver better health through superior products. Our vision is to innovative premier healthcare company, ADDING LIFE TO LIFE by delivering right quality products to medical fraternity with the highest level of operational excellence. SAMARTH unique focus is to bring innovative proprietary pharmaceuticals while addressing unmet needs to serve the patients, the ultimate customer."
Bhavani Industri...,3.8,(169 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 10 more",36 years old,201-500 Employees (Global),"Bhavani Industries, Bengaluru was established way back in 1987. The key promoter Mr.A J Hegde taken full charge of the company in 1995. His rich experience working in HMT Ltd and CMTI Bengaluru in the areas of machining and production engineering has helped the company to grow faster.
Mr.Chethan J Hegde joined his father in 1997 after completion of his technical and management education. His dedication and passion for High-tech manufacturing had lead Bhavani Industries to rapid growth from the year 2001.
Bhavani Industries has more than 120 CNC Machines, host of Conventional machines, Special equipments and well equipped inspection facilities with AS9100D & IATF 16949:2016 certification.The two plants are located in the outskirts of Bengaluru city.
Bhavani Industries manufactures precision machined components used in Automobile, Aerospace, Medical, Electronics, Communication and General Engineering Industries.
The Bhavani team is over 200 efficient manpower that includes Managers, Engineers & Technicians. Experienced, Qualified Engineers are involved in Planning, Production Engineering, Quality Control and New Product Development.
Bhavani Industries constantly involved with customer’s right from their product development stage. Our active support and expertise in development of complex machined parts has helped our customers to drastically reduce time for the development of their new products."
AISECT,3.9,(169 Reviews),Private,"Bhopal,Madhya Pradesh + 43 more",38 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Established in 1985, under the pioneering vision of its CMD, Mr. Santosh K. Choubey, AISECT is India’s leading skills & ICT based educational, services & e-governance network which aims to reach out to the remotest corners of India to empower people, generate employment for the youth and unfold entrepreneurship based initiatives to create an inclusive society. 

AISECT today has a pan-India presence with 20,000 centres at district, block and panchayat levels as well as offices in over 30 cities. Through a plethora of academies and platforms, AISECT has trained over 1.7 million people, generated over 15,000 rural entrepreneurs, created employment avenues within its network for more than 75,000 people and empowered the lives of over 3 million people. It has also pioneered the Multi-Purpose Centre Model for ICT penetration in semi-urban and rural India. In partnership NSDC, AISECT aims to impart skills to over 1.3 million youth within 10 years. AISECT Group has established Central India’s first private university, the Dr. C.V. Raman University in Chhattisgarh and the AISECT University in Madhya Pradesh. Its other key educational initiatives include Eduvantage PRO (digital classroom solution for schools), Brainy Bear Pre-school & Activity Club, aisectonline.com and SCOPE Group of Institutions. It has also launched Rojgarmantra.com to provide placement support to skilled youth in the target regions. AISECT provides a wide range of G2C services to the rural population under the Common Service Centre Scheme. It also offers financial inclusion services in partnership with several nationalized banks and insurance companies. 

AISECT is the recipient of several national and international awards including the Schwab Foundation's Social Entrepreneur of the Year Award, Senior Ashoka Fellowship, SKOCH Corporate Leadership Award, NASSCOM IT Innovation Award, Golden Icon in National e-Governance Award, i4D Award, NASSCOM Emerge 50 Leader Award and many more."
University of Pe...,4.3,(169 Reviews),Private,"Dehradun,Uttarakhand + 7 more",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded by prominent educationalists and industry experts, UPES is Asia's first University that offers programs which are specifically designed for core sectors with high growth projections. Recognized as ""University with a Purpose""​ ​, UPES is driven by a progressive vision to create specialized professionals in core sectors, who can contribute to the economic growth of the country. We have 110+ degree programs, 500+ faculty members, 15000+ students and are the only Indian university to get 5 Star QS Rating for Employability and Facilities."
In Time Tec Visi...,4.2,(169 Reviews),Private,"Meridian,ID + 2 more",14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"In Time Tec provides progressive software development services, enabling its clients'​ to keep their brightest and most valuable talent focused on innovation. In Time Tec has a leadership team averaging 15 years in software/firmware R&D, and 20 years building onshore/offshore R&D teams."
PCS Technology,3.7,(169 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 42 more",42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"PCS is a leading IT solutions company, delivering customized solutions and services for businesses to enhance productivity. Through a unique approach, global partnerships, and excellence in quality, we strive to create unmatched value for our clients. We have harnessed the power of cutting-edge technologies and coupled it with the deep domain expertise of our people to develop pragmatic and cost-effective solutions that help you overcome business challenges and achieve a vantage position. In today's highly technology driven business, consistent performances value, ease of implementation and simplified migration to future technologies need to be controlled. We help focus solutions for delivering business continuity and reduced risks to control unfavourable circumstances."
Seth M R Jaipuri...,4.0,(169 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 24 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Seth M.R. Jaipuria School, Lucknow has been established in memory of Late Seth Mungturam Jaipuria, a great nationalist and doyen of Textile Industry, who was conferred ‘Padma Bhushan’ by the President of India in 1971 in recognition of his services to the society. The present patron of the school is Shri Sharad Jaipuria. The school has a vision of a new world in which relationships are governed by the spirit of universal fraternity. The School functions under the guidance and counsel of a galaxy of eminent leaders drawn from the fields of Education, Industry, Science & Technology and under the aegis of the Integral Education Society."
Abbott Nutrition...,4.0,(169 Reviews),Private,"Chicago,Illinois + 38 more",113 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Abbott’s nutrition business is a division of Abbott, the global healthcare company. Every day, our team of passionate scientists and experts works hard to discover and develop nutrition products that better life for people of all ages.As a leader in nutrition science, research and development, our goal is to deliver nutrition products and education that meet the changing needs of families across the world. We make products to help babies and children grow, that work to keep bodies strong, and that support the unique nutritional and therapeutic needs of adults.Nutrition is the foundation to healthy living and here at Abbott Nutrition, we provide resources to help people live their best life."
Kuwait Oil Compa...,4.6,(169 Reviews),Ahmadi + 12 more,89 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),N/A,"Kuwait Oil Company's Responsibilities under the KPC's Umbrella involve the exploration, drilling and production of oil and gas within the State of Kuwait. The Company is also involved in the storage of crude oil and delivery to tankers for export"
Mantri Developer...,3.5,(169 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 5 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Mantri Developers Pvt. Ltd. is a leading developer of world class Homes, IT Parks, Retail Spaces and Educational Institutions. Mr. Sushil Mantri founded Mantri Developers in Bangalore in the year 1999. In just 14 years, the company has built over 24 projects. Today, as part of its diversified portfolio Mantri Developers cumulatively has to its credit over 20 million square feet of constructed area, over 30,000 satisfied residents and 11 million square feet under various stages of construction. Mantri Developers has a track record of delivering 1.4 homes per day since inception. The company plans to focus on the residential sector, retail, hospitality, IT Parks and educational institutions in Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad and Pune."
LM Wind Power,4.1,(169 Reviews),Private,Kolding + 5 more,83 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"LM Wind Power is a world leading designer and manufacturer of rotor blades for wind turbines, offering blade development, manufacturing, services and logistics. Approximately one in five turbines installed around the world has LM Wind Power blades."
H&R Block,4.3,(169 Reviews),Private,"Kansas City,Missouri + 6 more",68 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"H&R Block, Inc., or H&R Block, is an American tax preparation company operating in Canada, United States, Australia, and India. The company was founded in 1955 by brothers Henry W. Bloch and Richard Bloch. As of 2018, H&R Block operates approximately 12,000 retail tax offices staffed by tax professionals worldwide."
Sembcorp Energy ...,4.2,(169 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 9 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),Sembcorp Energy India Limited is a leading independent power producer in India. Sembcorp Energy India Limited owns 100% of Sembcorp Green Infra Limited
Grupo Antolin,3.9,(169 Reviews),Private,"Burgos,Burgos + 12 more",73 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Grupo Antolin is a full service supplier leader in the design, development and manufacture of automobile industry components, offering multi-technological solutions for modular interior parts. The company develops technology for the interior of the car and its portfolio covers: Overhead, Door, Lighting and Cockpits and Interior Trim. In recent years, Grupo Antolin has rapidly expanded its global presence by investing in new facilities in the most important markets. Altogether, Grupo Antolin has operations in 25 countries with 151 plants and 22 technical-commercial offices. Financial solidity, innovation, quality and competitive costs are what create the differentiating value of a company like Grupo Antolin, which strives on a daily basis to continue warranting the trust of its clients, investors and suppliers."
Sembcorp Energy ...,4.2,(169 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 9 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),Sembcorp Energy India Limited is a leading independent power producer in India. Sembcorp Energy India Limited owns 100% of Sembcorp Green Infra Limited
Synopsys,4.2,(169 Reviews),Public,"Mountain View,California + 8 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Smart, Secure Everything—From Silicon to Software

Synopsys technology is at the heart of innovations that are changing the way we live and work. The Internet of Things. Autonomous cars. Wearables. Smart medical devices. 

Secure financial services. Machine learning and computer vision. These breakthroughs are ushering in the era of Smart, Secure Everything―where devices are getting smarter, everything’s connected, and everything must be secure.
Powering this new era of technology are advanced silicon chips, which are made even smarter by the remarkable software that drives them. Synopsys is at the forefront of Smart, Secure Everything with the world’s most advanced tools for silicon chip design, verification, IP integration, and application security testing. 

Our technology helps customers innovate from Silicon to Software, so they can deliver Smart, Secure Everything."
InnovAccer,3.0,(168 Reviews),Private,"San Francisco,California + 4 more",9 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At Innovaccer, we’re on a mission to connect and curate the world’s
healthcare information to make it accessible and useful. With Innovaccer,
everyone works in the service of patients like never before—as one."
Western Union,4.3,(168 Reviews),Private,"Denver,Colorado + 15 more",172 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Western Union is here for what's next. Each day, our diverse global teams invent and build new ways to send, save, and spend money. Wherever our customers are in the world, whatever currency they prefer, we're evolving to meet the demands of tomorrow. When we help make financial services more accessible to people everywhere, we transform lives and communities, positioning us to become the world's most accessible financial services company. That's our vision, and we need talented, forward-thinkers like you to help make it a reality.

With a vision like that, it's no surprise that we are passionate about diversity. Our commitment is to provide an inclusive culture that celebrates our global teams' unique backgrounds and perspectives while reflecting the communities we serve.

Our global workforce tackles complex issues every day, making them the backbone of our innovative spirit since 1851. If you're ready to be part of our evolution, apply now."
Gujarat State Fe...,4.6,(168 Reviews),Private,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujarat + 19 more",61 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GSFC began its journey as a “Beacon of hope “for farmers with its “Sardar” brand of fertilizers which brought sunshine in to their lives. Over the last five decades, GSFC has transformed in to a multi-product, multi-location company and has earned the distinction of being one of India’s valuable world class enterprises touching and enriching lives of millions.

GSFC is proud to achieve accelerated performance across its portfolio by further consolidating itself as an environment friendly enterprise. GSFC’s green initiatives consciously focus on renewable energy, its efficiency and the nurturing and reinstatement of ecosystem. GSFC has to its credit a Responsible Care Logo Certification (RC)."
AVL,3.9,(168 Reviews),Private,Graz + 9 more,75 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"AVL is the world's largest independent company for the development, simulation and testing of powertrain systems (hybrid, combustion engine, transmission, electric drive, batteries, fuel cell and control technology) for passenger cars, commercial vehicles, construction, large engines and their integration into the vehicle.

The company has decades of experience in the development and optimization of powertrain systems for all industries. As a global technology leader, AVL provides complete and integrated development environments, measurement and test systems as well as state-of-the-art simulation methods.

As a pioneer in the field of innovative solutions, such as diverse electrification strategies for powertrains, AVL is increasingly taking on new tasks in the field of autonomous driving, especially on the basis of subjective human sensations (driveability, connectivity, ADAS, etc.). In the competition of technologies – ICE-based engine, battery and fuel cell electric drive – and their combinations, AVL is working intensively and with the same priorities.

AVL has digitized the vehicle development process with state-of-the-art and highly scalable IT, software and technology platforms, and creates new customer solutions in the areas of big data, artificial intelligence, simulation and embedded systems in an agile and integrated development environment."
Gold's Gym,4.0,(168 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,Texas + 46 more",58 years old,1-10 Employees (India),"Gold’s Gym has been the world’s trusted fitness authority since 1965. From its beginning as a small gym in Venice, California, Gold’s Gym has grown into a global icon with more than 700 locations serving 3 million people across six continents each day. Whether you are an industry professional or interested in pursuing a dream to make your passion for Fitness a meaningful reality, we want to help you transform your life. Our journey started on a beach in California, yours starts today."
Hardcastle Resta...,4.2,(168 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 23 more,28 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"One of the fastest growing players in India’s quick service restaurant (QSR) sector, Westlife Development Limited (WDL) focuses on establishing and operating McDonald’s restaurants across West and South India, through its wholly owned subsidiary Hardcastle Restaurants Pvt. Ltd. (HRPL). Westlife Development is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE: 505533).

HRPL operates more than 300 McDonald’s restaurants (as of September 2019) across 42 cities in the states of Maharashtra, Karnataka, Telangana, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Chhattisgarh, Andhra Pradesh, Goa and parts of Madhya Pradesh, and provides direct employment close to 10,000 employees. McDonald’s operates through various formats including standalone restaurants, drive-thru’s, mall food courts, McDelivery and dessert kiosks. It also has three thriving brand extensions – McDelivery, McCafe and McBreakfast."
Hindustan Field ...,4.5,(168 Reviews),Private,"Johannesburg,Gauteng + 40 more",501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A
ZIM Laboratories,3.8,(168 Reviews),Public,"Nagpur,Maharashtra + 6 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ZIM Laboratories Limited operates as a pharmaceutical company. The Company manufactures, formulates, and distributes drug delivery systems to develops generic pharmaceutical products. ZIM Laboratories serves healthcare sectors worldwide"
Sterling Talent ...,4.0,(168 Reviews),Private,"Bothell,Washington + 1 more",48 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"As a global leader in background and identity services, Sterling can help provide everything your business needs to hire with confidence. With a vision to make the world a safer place, we know people make the difference - in the workplace, hospitals, on the road, and in schools, to name a few. Empowering organizations to make smarter, faster, safer hiring decisions through advanced technology, accuracy, and industry-leading turnaround time, Sterling provides the foundation of trust and safety our clients need to create great environments for their most essential resource, people."
adani power maha...,4.0,(168 Reviews),Mundra + 10 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Uniinfo Telecom ...,3.6,(168 Reviews),Public,"Indore,Madhya Pradesh + 24 more",13 years old,201-500 Employees (India),Uniinfo Telecom Services Ltd formerly known as Uniinfo Telecom Services Pvt. Ltd. provide services to telecom industry players ranging from telecom equipment manufacturers (OEM's) to telecom operators. We offer support services and solutions to address the Network Life Cycle requirements of Telecom industry. Over the years we have been successfully implementing various projects and have been recognized by our clients for quality and timely execution of the projects undertaken. This expertise and capability has helped us to achieve continuous growth and success.
CG Foods,3.8,(168 Reviews),Private,Lalitpur + 27 more,39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With a prolific history of over 140 years, CG Corp Global is a multinational enterprise operating out of Nepal. Despite its humble beginnings, it is today the largest business enterprise of Nepal. It stands proud with 10,000 employees on its rolls, spanning in businesses in over 30 countries worldwide.

CG Corp Global is headquartered in Kathmandu; its objective is to provide world-class services and products in various fields such as hotels and resorts, education, realty, FMCG (food & beverage), financial services, consumer electronics, cement, hydropower, and EPC.

CG Corp Global is rapidly expanding and has gained significant momentum in the past two decades. It is the first and only billion-dollar multinational of Nepal.

The Group’s Chairman Binod Chaudhary, a man of simplicity and substance, has been featured in the Forbes list of billionaires. He is the only person from Nepal to be featured in the list.

The members of the new generation of Chaudhary family have branched out with new vision, to take the business to newer heights in the global arena."
VAYA Finserv,4.2,(168 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad,Telangana + 40 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Vaya was established in 2014 by a team of seasoned MFI professionals. Vaya is a next generation microfinance company. The core management team has a deep understanding of rural poverty. We currently operate in 7 states with a strong employee base of 1600 and growing.
CEC Internationa...,4.6,(168 Reviews),Private,Taipei + 12 more,78 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"CEC International Corporation India Pvt. Ltd. (CICI) is a 100% subsidiary of Continental Engineering Corporation (CEC), which CEC is one of the top three engineering and construction companies in Taiwan and a leading participant in almost every major infrastructure project in the country.To learn more about CEC, please visit the company website at www.continental-engineering.com.

CICI is a Civil Engineering Construction Company operating in the fields of MRTS, Highways, Bridges, High Speed Railway, Townships, SEZs, Real Estate and Environment sectors.

Being a socially responsible corporate, CICI works in improving the quality of life of the communities it serves whether it be within the organization, industry or society, we have a strong sense of social responsibility, which is reflected in our values and actions.

We are involved with construction of high value projects across segments like MRTS, National Highways, Bridges, Urban Roads, Railways and SEZ projects. The team includes International experts from UK, Spain, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Thailand and Taiwan to deliver International quality standards of project execution in India.

CICI works including design, standing out as the gateway for Technological and Engineering excellence in Civil Engineering fields with project offices scattered across India with head office based at Delhi, CICI is fully equipped to contribute their expertise and turn vision into reality.

We follow standard operation procedures which allow projects to be certified for ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 for its Quality, Environmental and Occupational Health & Safety Management System."
Tafe Motors & Tr...,4.1,(168 Reviews),Bhopal + 21 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"TMTL – TAFE Motors and Tractors Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of TAFE – Tractors and Farm Equipment Limited, comprises three manufacturing divisions, the Tractors Division, the Engines Division and the Transmissions Division. TMTL was established in 2005, when TAFE acquired the Tractors, Engines and Gears divisions of Eicher Motors Limited in 2005.

TMTL’s Tractors Division at Mandideep near Bhopal, manufactures tractors under the Eicher brand, addressing the dynamic market demands in agriculture and needs of the modern farmers with a comprehensive range of tractors, implements and farm solutions, that are acknowledged for their rugged build quality, efficiency and low cost of operation. TMTL is probably the only manufacturer of both, air-cooled and water-cooled tractors in the world. Its top-of-the-line Research and Development (R&D) facility is capable of designing and developing new tractor models with its in-house prototype development and tooling competencies, that sets exemplary standards in the industry."
Thomson Digital,3.8,(168 Reviews),Private,Noida + 5 more,61 years old,201-500 Employees (India),Thomson Digital is a comprehensive digital solutions provider serving the global publishing fraternity.
Vascon Engineers,3.7,(168 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 12 more",37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Vascon Engineers has more than 30 years of experience in conceiving, developing, constructing and managing varied projects. It has presence across multiple sectors including residential, industrial, IT parks, malls and multiplexes, hospitality and community welfare centres, schools and hospitals.  

Right from its inception in 1986, Vascon has remained committed to applying the art of value-based aesthetics into the science of construction through excellent engineering. The Vascon team is mainly made up of engineers who are backed up by highly qualified specialists from various fields of management. Right from planning and procurement to testing and execution, every Vascon professional follows well-documented systems and procedures. 

Today, Vascon's achievements range from sprawling factories to premium homes, from glittering malls to towering software parks and classy elegant schools. One simple principle guides Vascon's approach to every project: ""Understand the customer's needs and expectations; Fulfil the needs and exceed the expectations."" This is how Vascon has been able to strike the right balance between engineering and thoughtful development project after project, across the country."
VERITY GLOBAL SO...,3.3,(168 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 8 more,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
TIDC India,4.1,(168 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 18 more",63 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Diamond chains are designed and manufactured by TIDC India, a part of the INR 369 Billion (36,893 Crores) Murugappa Group, one of the most trusted and respected business Groups in India. A Group that is renowned for its belief in ethical business practices, innovative processes and people development."
HiyaMee,3.1,(168 Reviews),Private,Bengaluru + 6 more,7 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A
Garware Technica...,4.0,(168 Reviews),Private,Pune + 19 more,47 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Garware Technical Fibres Ltd. (Formerly Garware-Wall Ropes Ltd.) is one of India’s leading players in the technical textiles sector. Established in 1976, the company today is a multi-divisional, multi-geographical technical textiles company and is known for providing world class innovative solutions in high performance aquaculture cage nets, fishing nets, sports nets, safety nets, agricultural nets, coated fabrics, polymer ropes and geosynthetics."
Falcon Autotech,4.1,(168 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 9 more",19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Falcon Autotech stands as one of the leading Intra-logistics Automation Solutions Providers in India having delivered hundreds of turnkey automation solutions such as Parcel Sortation Systems, Online Weighing & Dimensioning, Assembly Lines, Robotic Automation Solutions and a wide range of Inspection Solutions for FMCG, Food, Pharma, Cosmetics, Bakery, Automobile, E-Commerce and Logistics Industries."
HDFC Home Loan,4.1,(168 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 67 more,46 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"HDFC is a leading provider of Housing Finance in India. With our customised solutions we have fulfilled over 7 million dreams since inception. To enhance the residential housing stock in the country through the provision of Housing Finance in a systematic and professional manner, and to promote home ownership.

Increase the flow of resources to the housing sector by integrating the housing finance sector with the overall domestic financial markets. Extensive distribution network of 546 interconnected offices (including 188 offices of HDFC Sales) with outreach programs to several towns and cities all over India.

3 representative offices in Dubai, London and Singapore offering Home Loan products to Non-Resident Indians and Persons of Indian Origin. Enhanced distribution through HDFC Sales, HDFC Bank and third party Direct Selling Associates. 

Diversified Financial Services - Banking, Insurance (Life and General), Asset Management, Real Estate Venture Capital, Education Loans among others. HDFC and its Group Companies consistently maintain leadership positions in their respective sectors."
Sun TV Network,4.1,(167 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 7 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sun TV Network is owned by Sun Group, one of the largest media conglomerates in India with operations in multi-diversified sectors. Sun TV Network has 33 power packed Television Channels with a reach of more than 95 million households in India. Sun TV, the flagship channel of the television network holds the Guinness World Record for the ‘Longest Continuous TV Camera shot LIVE’ where the record attempt was telecast live on 5th March 2014 on Sun TV clocking 23 minutes 25 seconds to celebrate the 1000th episode of the Tamizh TV serial ‘Nadhaswaram’. Sun TV Network's channels can be viewed throughout the world including U.S.A, Canada, Europe, Middle East, Singapore, Malaysia, Sri Lanka, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand. Sun Group besides television media has 48 FM Radio Stations, two Daily Newspapers, five Magazines, a DTH satellite service & an IPL franchise."
MSPL,4.2,(167 Reviews),Private,Hosapete + 24 more,62 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MSPL Limited is a flagship company of the Baldota Group of Companies. We are a leading iron ore mining, processing and export company with 53 years of expertise behind us. We are one of India’s largest iron ore mining companies and possess the largest installed capacity of green energy in the country.

With a mission to become the leading iron ore supplier in the country, we employ state-of-the-art technologies and services to meet the needs of domestic and global customers. We have been instrumental in identifying and developing Indian High-Grade Iron Ore and we enjoy significant brand equity in India for our ability to supply good quality iron ore and value added products.In addition to mining, we also own and operate wind farms, with a total installed capacity of 215.75 MW. Our wind farms are situated across Karnataka, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Gujarat.

With a core competency in the sectors of iron ore mining and wind power generation, we look to add value to some of nature’s valuable resources and harness them for productive performance over a sustained period of time. We boast of a strong and experienced management team who has vast experience in the mining and natural resource industry.

We realise that innovation is the key to business sustainability in this complex and competitive environment and we have constantly tried to expand our horizons and venture into new territories, while contributing to the maintenance of our surroundings.

Originally founded by late Shri. Abheraj H. Baldota in 1961, our business and operations are currently headed by the son of late Abheraj H. Baldota, Shri Narendrakumar A. Baldota, and his two sons, Rahulkumar N. Baldota and Shrenikkumar N. Baldota, all of whom are on the Board"
Claris Lifescien...,3.9,(167 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 14 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Claris Lifesciences Limited (Claris) was the Holding Company of Claris Injectables Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary dealing in Specialty Injectables business that was carved out in November 2014. Claris Injectables was sold to Baxter International Inc. in July 2017.
Since its inception in 1999, Claris worked towards creating a niche in a highly-regulated business. Over a history of 17 years, we created nearly a billion-dollar valuation, with establishing world-class integrated business model that helped garner several stringent international regulatory approvals, including US FDA, MHRA (UK), TGA (Australia), MCC (South Africa), ANVISA (Brasil), INVIMA (Colombia), and GCC FDCA.
Claris also entered a Joint Venture (JV) in August 2013 with Japanese companies Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc. and Mitsui & Co. Ltd. for its Infusion business in India & emerging markets, selling 80% stake and creating JV company ‘Claris Otsuka Private Limited’ (COPL). Claris has completed the sale of its remaining stake to Otsuka, and exited from the JV.
Coupled with the strength of technical know-how & professional expertise, Claris’ growth escalated through the diligent work carried out by the members to take the organisation to newer heights year-on-year. This proficiency was reconfirmed through the consecutive 8 wins as one of ‘India's Best Companies To Work For’ and one of the best companies in ‘Healthcare’ industry by The Economic Times and Great Place to Work® Institute, India.
Parallel to striving for excellence, Claris serves as a socially responsible organisation, fulfilling goals beyond the business commitments. Hence, we always support and encourage various social causes aimed at promoting sports, health, education, and culture encompassing the broader spectrum of the society."
Polyplex,4.4,(167 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 9 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Polyplex Corporation Ltd. (Polyplex) has the sixth largest capacity of polyester (PET) film globally. Our polyester capabilities include both thin and thick PET film in a wide range of thickness and surface properties covering a spectrum of applications. Our diversified business portfolio also includes BOPP, Blown PP/PE and CPP films produced in state-of-the-art plants with economic size. Integrated downstream capabilities of Metallizing, Holography, Silicone Coating, Offline Chemical Coating, Extrusion Coating and Transfer Metallized Paper deliver further value-added products. We have a global presence, supplying to about 1780 customers in 75 countries across Europe, the Americas, the Indian sub-continent, Far East, Asia Pacific and the Middle East."
Krishnapatnam P...,4.1,(167 Reviews),Private,"Nellore,Andhra Pradesh + 8 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Krishnapatnam Port is promoted by Hyderabad-based C.V.R. Group.Navayuga Engineering Company Ltd. (NECL) is the flagship entity of CVR Group and is the EPC contractor for Krishnapatnam Port.CVR group is a highly diversified group having a turnover of US$ 1-Billion and an order book of US$ 10-Billion comprising of power, steel, port establishment, spatial technology & applications, information technology and exports.The Navayuga Group is a multi-dimensional corporate entity with an extremely diversified portfolio that includes mammoth public infrastructure in roads, bridges, metro rail, marine works, IT/ITES companies, ports, power projects and behemoth steel units. It remains the Indian leader by far when it comes to piling, and is now taking its banner across the ocean into the Middle East. Its IT/ITES companies have already established a presence in most geographical sectors."
Molecular Connec...,3.4,(167 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 4 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Molecular Connections Private Limited is the pioneering In silico discovery services company founded by professionals with proven expertise in drug-discovery, biocuration, informatics and information technology. Is a leading supplier of manually curated databases and informatics solutions to major pharmaceuticals, high throughput data analysts and systems biology companies across the globe."
Baramati Agro,4.1,(167 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 22 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Traditionally what was started as a poultry focused endeavor by Padmashree Late Dr. Appasaheb Pawar, a noted social revolutionist, has today grown to become a prominent player in the agri-business sector.

Over the years we have diversified our operations into various sectors like animal feed, poultry feed, sugar and ethanol manufacturing, co-generation of power, trading of agri-commodities, fruits and vegetables, dairy products, retailing and QSRs.

With strong backward integration, robust sourcing and state of the art manufacturing facilities we derive a competitive advantage in the domestic and International market. We have developed product expertise and built enduring relationships with our business partners in India and abroad.

We are suppliers to leading institutions and global retail chains. Our prime focus lies towards timely execution of contracts and keeping our commitments to the satisfaction of our business partners."
Technosoft Engin...,4.2,(167 Reviews),Public,"Thane,Maharashtra + 2 more",24 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Technosoft Engineering is a global provider of engineering design, embedded and IoT services to various engineering & manufacturing verticals and of EPCM services in the oil and gas industry."
Yakult Danone In...,3.6,(167 Reviews),New Delhi + 15 more,18 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Yakult Danone India (P) Ltd is a 50:50 JV between Yakult Honsha, Japan and Groupe Danone of France, both of which are global probiotic leaders. The JV was formed in 2005 to manufacture and sell probiotic products in the Indian market. Yakult, a probiotic drink was launched in India in 2007, and is presently available in Hyderabad, New Delhi, Gurgaon, Noida, Faridabad, Goa, Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Jamnagar, Vadodara, Surat, Bengaluru, Mangalore, Mysore, Mumbai, Ujjain, Aurangabad, Nashik, Pune, Indore, Kolhapur, Chandigarh, Amritsar, Jalandhar, Ludhiana, Bikaner, Bhopal, Jaipur, Jodhpur, Kota, Chennai, Salem, Coimbatore, Madurai, Moradabad, Meerut, Ghaziabad, Aligarh, Agra, Bareilly, Lucknow, Kanpur, Allahabad, Gorakhpur, Varanasi, Kolkata, Asansol."
Sel Manufacturin...,3.6,(167 Reviews),Public,"Ludhiana,Punjab + 12 more",54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SEL is a leading vertically integrated textile conglomerate, operating in various textile sub-segments having facilities right from spinning, knitting, processing of yarns and fabric, to the value added products viz. terry towels and ready-made garments.

SEL traces its origin to 1969, when it was established as a small garment manufacturing unit by the founder Chairman, Shri R.S. Saluja. Under the leadership of Mr. Neeraj Saluja, Managing Director, and Mr. Dhiraj Saluja, Joint Managing Director, the process of backward and forward integration started. SEL forayed into spinning in the year 2005 and thereafter, into terry towels in November, 2008. The Group achieved exponential growth within a short span and its present capacities include 8,59,152 spindles in spinning, 13,440 rotors, 43,050 tonnes per annum in knitting and processing, 4,500 tonnes per annum in yarn processing, 27,000 tonnes per annum in terry towel manufacturing and 8.5 million pieces per annum in ready-made garments. Setting up of India’s largest spinning unit of 4,00,000 spindles at a single location at Village Mehatwara in District Sehore of Madhya Pradesh and its commissioning in a record time marks one of the landmark achievements of the group. The Company has a captive power generation capacity of 22 MW."
Acme Generics LL...,3.6,(167 Reviews),LLP,"Baddi,Himachal Pradesh + 11 more",18 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"A leading provider of CMO and R&D services to the top Indian & MNC pharmaceutical companies.

The Acme group began its journey in 2005 with a bold mission of becoming a leader in the contract manufacturing space and a preferred business partner for pharmaceutical companies looking for world class capabilities and scalable operations.

Guided by the founder's vision and purpose, the Acme group, over the years, has scaled new heights in the pharmaceutical value chain and today provides fully integrated contract manufacturing and development solutions to some of the top Indian and global pharmaceutical companies. These include the top 25 Indian pharmaceutical companies and 5 global MNCs.

Acme strongly believes in fast growth combined with a focus on innovation and service. At present the group consists of three state-of-the-art, fast growing companies viz. Acme Formulation, Immacule and Acme Generics LLP.

Powering the group are 2000+ highly skilled staff working in over 500,000 sq.ft manufacturing space across Northern India, producing 15 billion tablets, 3 billion capsules, 30 million ampoules and 12 million Lyo vials. The group has also expanded into niche segments of Oral Hormones, both Sex Hormones and Levothyroxine, along with General Injectables - Liquids and Lyophilized.

In our journey over the past decade we have been audited and approved by various international regulatory agencies including UK-MHRA, EU-GMP, ANVISA, PICS, INVIMA, WHO-Geneva. Apart from this the Group also has approvals across major countries in Asia, Africa, CIS and Latin Countries. US FDA filing is planned for Sterile site and expecting FDA inspection Q1, 2019 as we continue our journey towards building a sustainable future.

Acme looks to the future with ever higher goals and ambitions and with its unwavering focus on service and quality is strategically poised to grow even further in the years ahead."
Liberty Shoes,4.0,(167 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 29 more",69 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"We have been fashioning footwear for well over 60 years for the style conscious people around the globe. We have a perfect pair for every member of the family. From school shoes to sports shoes, from ballerinas to comfortable slips-ons, from corporate formals to relaxed casuals providing the widest range of footwear options to the consumer. Besides footwear we also create a range of accessories like shoe care products, back packs, belts, wallets, travel bags and handbags for women.WHAT WE DO BESTWe have the pulse of the market nicely taped and understand that comfort is the most important requirement in footwear and we have invested in this over the years. If you were to ask around the country side they would let you know that Liberty are the most comfortable and durable footwear available. Our marketing strategy is not pulled out of some page in the marketing bible. But, in thinking simple-“Make our product well, sell it well.” We do that by engaging and implementing the best footwear manufacturing and design technology from across the world. We then put our heart and soul in building the promise and delivering it to the consumer at a price that looks so very endearing.WHAT IS ON OFFER"
Hexagon Capabili...,4.2,(167 Reviews),Stockholm + 3 more,36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Hexagon Capability Center India (HCCI) is the key global technology R&D hub for Hexagon. 
 
Formerly known as Intergraph, we are one of the first IT companies in Hyderabad and have been demonstrating excellence for more than 32 years. We continue to innovate and grow and are now 1400+ workforce strong and counting. 
 
Our world-class center enables Hexagon and its product portfolio to drive digital transformation and deliver innovative customer experiences worldwide.
 
The facility houses Hexagon's Product R&D and services teams working as critical pillars of Hexagon Group and the product portfolio. The
dedicated service teams also provide implementation services for customers of Hexagon's PPM and Safety & Infrastructure divisions worldwide."
Claris Lifescien...,3.9,(167 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 14 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Claris Lifesciences Limited (Claris) was the Holding Company of Claris Injectables Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary dealing in Specialty Injectables business that was carved out in November 2014. Claris Injectables was sold to Baxter International Inc. in July 2017.
Since its inception in 1999, Claris worked towards creating a niche in a highly-regulated business. Over a history of 17 years, we created nearly a billion-dollar valuation, with establishing world-class integrated business model that helped garner several stringent international regulatory approvals, including US FDA, MHRA (UK), TGA (Australia), MCC (South Africa), ANVISA (Brasil), INVIMA (Colombia), and GCC FDCA.
Claris also entered a Joint Venture (JV) in August 2013 with Japanese companies Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc. and Mitsui & Co. Ltd. for its Infusion business in India & emerging markets, selling 80% stake and creating JV company ‘Claris Otsuka Private Limited’ (COPL). Claris has completed the sale of its remaining stake to Otsuka, and exited from the JV.
Coupled with the strength of technical know-how & professional expertise, Claris’ growth escalated through the diligent work carried out by the members to take the organisation to newer heights year-on-year. This proficiency was reconfirmed through the consecutive 8 wins as one of ‘India's Best Companies To Work For’ and one of the best companies in ‘Healthcare’ industry by The Economic Times and Great Place to Work® Institute, India.
Parallel to striving for excellence, Claris serves as a socially responsible organisation, fulfilling goals beyond the business commitments. Hence, we always support and encourage various social causes aimed at promoting sports, health, education, and culture encompassing the broader spectrum of the society."
MSPL,4.2,(167 Reviews),Private,Hosapete + 24 more,62 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MSPL Limited is a flagship company of the Baldota Group of Companies. We are a leading iron ore mining, processing and export company with 53 years of expertise behind us. We are one of India’s largest iron ore mining companies and possess the largest installed capacity of green energy in the country.

With a mission to become the leading iron ore supplier in the country, we employ state-of-the-art technologies and services to meet the needs of domestic and global customers. We have been instrumental in identifying and developing Indian High-Grade Iron Ore and we enjoy significant brand equity in India for our ability to supply good quality iron ore and value added products.In addition to mining, we also own and operate wind farms, with a total installed capacity of 215.75 MW. Our wind farms are situated across Karnataka, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Gujarat.

With a core competency in the sectors of iron ore mining and wind power generation, we look to add value to some of nature’s valuable resources and harness them for productive performance over a sustained period of time. We boast of a strong and experienced management team who has vast experience in the mining and natural resource industry.

We realise that innovation is the key to business sustainability in this complex and competitive environment and we have constantly tried to expand our horizons and venture into new territories, while contributing to the maintenance of our surroundings.

Originally founded by late Shri. Abheraj H. Baldota in 1961, our business and operations are currently headed by the son of late Abheraj H. Baldota, Shri Narendrakumar A. Baldota, and his two sons, Rahulkumar N. Baldota and Shrenikkumar N. Baldota, all of whom are on the Board"
Sun TV Network,4.1,(167 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 7 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sun TV Network is owned by Sun Group, one of the largest media conglomerates in India with operations in multi-diversified sectors. Sun TV Network has 33 power packed Television Channels with a reach of more than 95 million households in India. Sun TV, the flagship channel of the television network holds the Guinness World Record for the ‘Longest Continuous TV Camera shot LIVE’ where the record attempt was telecast live on 5th March 2014 on Sun TV clocking 23 minutes 25 seconds to celebrate the 1000th episode of the Tamizh TV serial ‘Nadhaswaram’. Sun TV Network's channels can be viewed throughout the world including U.S.A, Canada, Europe, Middle East, Singapore, Malaysia, Sri Lanka, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand. Sun Group besides television media has 48 FM Radio Stations, two Daily Newspapers, five Magazines, a DTH satellite service & an IPL franchise."
NatWest Markets,4.1,(167 Reviews),Private,Edinburgh + 5 more,7 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"NatWest Markets helps corporate and institutional customers manage their financial risks and achieve their short and long-term financial goals while navigating changing markets and regulation.
We do this by providing global market access, financing, risk management and trading solutions.

Our products and solutions are centred across Currencies, Rates and Financing with our strategist and content experts offering fresh thinking alongside market-leading economic insights in the key economies where our customers do business.

NatWest Markets is committed to acting sustainably and responsibly and actively supports customers in their transition to achieving broader environmental and societal goals, working with issuers and investors to develop holistic sustainability strategies."
Espire Infolabs,3.4,(167 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 3 more",22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Espire Infolabs is a global technology company empowering businesses to drive growth and customer engagement with exceptional digital experience solutions through the combined power of Multi-Channel Customer Communication Management (MCCCM) and Digital Content Management (DCM). The innovative solutions from Espire focus on empowering businesses and digital marketers differentiate themselves across the customer journey with uniquely developed multi-channel digital transformation initiatives (web, mobile, campaigns/promotions, social and analytics) that improve customer experiences, brand loyalty, customer retention and drive business expansion.
Espire is a SEI CMMI Level 5 Ver 1.3 (Dev + SVC) Appraised, ISO 27001:2013 & ISO 9001:2008 Certified and ITIL & ISO 20000 Compliant Company. Espire Infolabs has offices in USA, Canada, UK, Australia, Singapore, New Zealand and Development Centers in India. For more information, please visit www.espire.com.ew Zealand, and Development Centers in India (Gurgaon, Delhi and Navi Mumbai)."
AIG Hospital,4.3,(167 Reviews),Hyderabad,37 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"AIG Hospitals is a unit of the Asian Institute of Gastroenterology, India’s foremost Gastroenterology hospital. Spread across 1.4 million sq.ft, AIG Hospitals is a state-of-the-art 800-bed super specialty Hospital, which is among the largest hospitals in the country today.

Led by Dr. D Nageshwar Reddy, Chairman, and Managing Director & Dr. G V Rao, Director, AIG Hospitals offers comprehensive healthcare services across 8 key Centres of Excellence – Medical & Surgical Gastroenterology, Liver Sciences, Organ Transplant, Pulmonary Sciences, Renal Sciences, Oncology, Cardiac Sciences, Obesity & Metabolic Therapy.

The Hospital has been custom designed to undertake transplant surgeries including Liver, Kidney, Heart, Pancreas, and Islet Cell. All the above services will be well supported by active Emergency and Critical Care services to ensure sick patients get the care they truly deserve. Everything at AIG Hospitals is designed keeping in mind the comfort of our patients. The serene environment, spacious interiors, and advanced facilities create a positive ambiance that is conducive to healing."
PC Financial Ser...,3.8,(167 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 2 more",28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Founded in 1995 in Norway, Opera delivers browsers, AI-driven digital content and fintech platforms to more than 350 million people worldwide. Opera is listed on Nasdaq and owns 100% of P C Financial Services Private Limited, which is regulated by RBI as a Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC) and founded in 1995."
Toshiba,4.1,(646 Reviews),Private,Tokyo + 23 more,148 years old,201-500 Employees (India),Toshiba continues to focus on restructuring businesses to reinforce their earnings base while seeking to transform its overall business structure by targeting growth sectors and emerging businesses. The aim is to become an even stronger global contender by pursuing the “concentration and selection” approach while creating World's First and World's No. 1 products and services that are cost-competitive and captivate customers.
Fiat Chrysler Au...,3.8,(532 Reviews),Public,London + 11 more,9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) designs, engineers, manufactures and sells vehicles and related parts, services and production systems worldwide. The Group operates 102 manufacturing facilities and 46 R&D centers; and it sells through dealers and distributors in more than 135 countries.

FCA’s automotive brands include Abarth, Alfa Romeo, Chrysler, Dodge, Fiat, Fiat Professional, Jeep, Lancia, Ram, Maserati. The Group’s businesses also include Mopar (automotive parts and service), Comau (production systems) and Teksid (iron and castings).

In addition, retail and dealer financing, leasing and rental services in support of the Group’s car business are provided through subsidiaries, joint ventures and commercial arrangements with third-party financial institutions.

FCA is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FCAU” and on the Mercato Telematico Azionario under the symbol “FCA”."
Empower Pragati,3.2,(166 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 49 more",13 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Empower Pragati was one amongst the first set of companies to become funded partners of NSDC (National Skill Development Corporation) in 2010. Our objective is to impact the lives of underprivileged youth by providing them skill, employment and livelihood. In the last 8 years since our inception, we have skill trained over 2.6 lac youth in both formal and informal sectors. We are India’s leading ‘Vocational and Skill Training Provider’.

Along with implementing large scale government projects like PMKVY, DDU-GKY, NSQF etc., we also help corporates execute their CSR initiatives. We have taken up CSR projects for companies like Aircel, Pernod Ricard, Interglobe Technologies, Castrol etc."
Muthoot Capital ...,3.8,(166 Reviews),Public,"Kochi/Cochin,Kerala + 54 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Muthoot Capital Services Ltd. promoted by the Muthoot Pappachan Group is a Non Banking Finance Company (NBFC) registered with the Reserve Bank of India and listed on the Bombay Stock ExchangeEstablished in 1994, Muthoot Capital Services Ltd offers fund and non fund based financial services to retail, corporate and institutional customers through the wide network of branches of Muthoot Fincorp Ltd. Its portfolio includes commercial and consumer finance products like vehicle loans, gold loans, loans against property, bonds, deposits, investment products and advisory services among others. Apart from these, the company also disburses loans against property, shares, gold ETF’s, SME loans, mortgage loans, leasing & hire purchase loans and bill discounting."
Millennium Engin...,4.1,(166 Reviews),Private,Pune + 9 more,24 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"In 1999 Millennium Engineers & Contractors Ltd. was established, driven by a client focused approach and quality construction. Headquartered in Pune, we always believed in bringing cutting - edge technology and innovation in the construction industry. Since the foundation, our successful and timely execution of large-scale projects and achievement of entire client satisfaction has made us one of the ace construction companies in Pune. Our dedicated team of technical experts and experienced professionals from the field of civil engineering have been working hard to make Millennium one of the best construction companies in India."
IndustryBuying.c...,3.5,(166 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 10 more",10 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Industry Buying is an online marketplace for industrial supplies. Users can browse through various categories of products or can search based on the title, brand etc. Claims to host over 500 brands, 1000 suppliers and 1.5 lakh products online as of Feb 2015. Serves customers through online, offline & phone channels. The company’s omni-channel presence includes online e-commerce and offline corporate customers like Grainger, Motherson Sumi, Havells, RPG, Honeywell, Siemens, Tata Power, Escorts among others. Series B investors also include Muruguppa and TVS groups. Raised venture debt capital of $1.76M from Trifecta Capital in Jan'16. Launched a new platform ""SellerHub"" for sellers to ease the onboarding process and to offer a compact overview of listings, order activities, payment insights, etc."
Rooman Technolog...,3.7,(166 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 35 more",24 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Founded in the year 1999, by a group of technology enthusiasts with an aim of imparting quality training, knowledge and education.

Rooman has built its reputation by practicing quality, innovation and relentlessly trying to provide customer delight.

With focused vision, people at Rooman are striving to achieve excellence all along. There is a strong work culture developed among people to achieve highest professionalism , to accomplish business goals and objectives.

World class infrastructure and work facility ensures the right environment for people to perform, engage customers and achieve business excellence."
MTR Foods,4.3,(166 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 27 more",99 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At MTR Foods, we take pride in our rich heritage of over 85 years. We believe our journey mirrors that of our nation; a legacy forged by generations together. Right from our traditional beginnings to the 21st century technological prowess, our offerings are part of a rich Indian heritage.With the finest ingredients, it is no wonder that we believe in adhering to our authentic recipes.We believe in being future-forward and matching the pace of technology to reach our fast-moving consumers.We place immense emphasis on our employee safety and health policy to produce optimum results."
AISATS,3.8,(166 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 7 more,15 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"As India'​ leading gateway services company Headquartered in Mumbai and operating in Delhi, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Trivandrum and Manguluru airports, we at AISATS, care for our customers and our customers customer. 

Our customers know when they do business with us, they do business with our 11000+ value creators, because, our people are passionate believers of the company’s vision, mission and core values. Our comprehensive gateway services that include Ground handling - passenger assistance, apron services and Air cargo handling is managed by a team of experts that understand the importance of your business. That’s why, every time we serve a passenger, we partner with you to create a new travel memory. Every piece of cargo held, is our promise to deliver it carefully and every ramp support offered is a commitment to safe and secure operations. 

At AISATS we place purpose at the core of everything we do. Every day, everyone comes together to pursue just one mission – a mission of 'Redefining Experiences'​."
Veer-O-- Metals,4.0,(166 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 3 more",58 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Veer-O-Metals was established in the year 1965. We manufacture and export Stamped Parts, Precision Sheet Metal Fabrication Parts, Machined Components and Mechanical Assemblies.We are your single point contact for all your metal fabrication needs.We cater to diverse verticals,We are proud to mention that we are the most preferred partner for our clients. We have state of the art manufacturing locations in India and Philippines"
Bravura Solution...,4.4,(166 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"At Bravura, software is at the heart of everything we do. We develop innovative technology solutions that power the world’s leading financial institutions.
We are driven by our corporate purpose – to make our customers successful. We do this by developing innovative cutting-edge software solutions that become the vital administration engine powering businesses across the wealth management and funds administration sectors.

At Bravura Solutions, collaboration, diversity and excellence matter. We value your ideas, giving you room to be curious and innovate in an exciting, faced-paced and flexible environment. Collaborate, learn and grow alongside some of the most experienced people in the industry and influence how we help power the world’s financial institutions for today and tomorrow.

Belong to a globally connected community of over 1,300 people in 12 offices across 8 countries. Be inspired alongside friendly, supportive people who genuinely care about each other. Learn from some of the industry’s best and most experienced minds, who’ll support you to achieve great things. Be guided by approachable leaders who listen and value your ideas."
Machino Plastics,3.9,(166 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 6 more",36 years old,201-500 Employees (India),Machino Plastics Ltd. was established in the year 1987 and India’s first and largest plastic bumper and dashboard manufacturer company. The company has its own state-of-art- plastic moulding product development division. MPL achieved a turnover of US $42 million in the last financial year and is listed in the Bombay Stock Exchange
HPM Chemicals & ...,4.6,(166 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 30 more,46 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"With more than four decades since its inception by a leading visionary Shri Srikisan Dass Aggarwal HPM has ruled and led the agro-chemical industry in India and abroad. With the motto of ‘Yielding Prosperity’, the company has stood steadfast by its mission of bringing prosperity in the lives of all associated with it. Right from our adept team of meticulous farmers to our dynamic board of management directors, the company has ensured to touch and make a colossal impact in the lives of all.

Aiming towards our mission of ensuring self-reliance in productivity, we have worked successfully to incorporate the best innovative practices in our processes. As a leading pesticide company both nationwide and globally, we are the proud fore-runners and contributors to the Green Revolution drive.

Our adroit work force constantly strives to innovate and create a wide range of crop protection products and plant nutrients. Using the latest technological advancements we produce the finest fertilizers and farming seeds. The shelf life of our products holds longer than any other.

Our recent extensions include the in house production of the raw material which withholds the premier use of requisite materials in the final production. Quality assurance is an integral part of our practices at HPM. Frequent quality checks bring out the best and secure products from the production outlets to the fields. Our supreme and consummate infrastructure holds the premium production and warehousing facilities."
Banswara Syntex,4.0,(166 Reviews),Public,"Banswara,Rajasthan + 7 more",47 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Our history dates back to 1976, when Mr. R.L.Toshniwal laid the foundation for the company and set up a spinning mill in the rural Bamboo forest town of Banswara, Rajasthan. Since then, we have grown to become a vertically integrated textile company, specializing in the production of yarn, fabric and readymade garments.

Today, BANSWARA is one of the largest single-mill set ups of fibre-dyed yarn in ASIA.

Over the years, we have forayed into markets in over 50 countries including the U.S., U.K., Canada, Spain, Germany, Japan, France, UAE, and Turkey. BANSWARA SYNTEX has won several awards over the years, including the SRTEPC award for 8 years in a row.

Product innovation has been an integral part of our work culture. We have diversified offerings in textiles and technical fabrics. Due to our varied and highly specialised product range, we are able to service a number of highly reputed fast fashion brands like Uniqlo, Calvin Klein, Marks and Spencer, Next, etc.

Sustainability is at the core of our value system. BANSWARA has its own thermal power plant, which generates over 30 MW of captive power for the mill.  For our next step, we intend to move to solar energ"
Rinder India,4.0,(166 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 6 more",26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Rinder India is wholly owned subsidiary of RINDER CORPORATION was commenced in 1997 has grown with leaps and bounds over last 10 years, achieving almost 60% growth every year for last 4 years. We have two state of art manufacturing facilities set up in Pimpri & Chakan industrial estate in Pune (150 KM from Mumbai), and one more manufacturing facility in North of India (Bahadurgarh-30km from Delhi) which caters the requirements of our customers in North."
Gujarat Alkalies...,4.5,(166 Reviews),Public,"Bharuch,Gujarat + 5 more",50 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Gujarat Alkalies & Chemicals Ltd.Gujarat AlkaliesandChemicals Limitedmanufactures chlor-alkaliesand otherchemicals. The Company's products include caustic soda, hydrochloric acid, phosphoric acid, potassium carbonate, hydrogen peroxide, chlorine gas and hydrogen gas."
Calsonic Kansei ...,4.1,(166 Reviews),Private,Noida + 6 more,48 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"The Motherson Group combines the power of innovation and product quality to passionately create world class products that cater to customer needs across diverse industries, especially automotive. Founded in 1975, the group has a diversified industry-leading portfolio of auto ancillary products and services that make it a full system solutions provider for its customers across the globe. With market leading products ranging from Electrical Distribution Systems, automotive rearview mirrors, polymer processing, lighting systems, air intake manifolds and HVAC systems. Motherson’s principal focus is the automotive industry, globally and in India. Motherson is a leading supplier to automotive industry globally. It also serves wide number of other industries. The group recorded a turnover of USD 11.7 billion (approx.) during 2018-19."
Mobius Knowledge...,3.6,(166 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 1 more,21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mobius transforms the way data works for you. With almost two decades of experience, and a strong team of datatastic employees, Mobius has been the leading data solutions provider, offering cutting edge platforms, products and software solutions to some of the leading Fortune 2k companies."
OodlesTechnologi...,3.1,(166 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 7 more",14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Oodles Technologies is a certified software development company offering end-to-end software development solutions including Custom Software Development, Responsive Web Design services, and Mobile Application Development to clients across the globe. We at Oodles Technologies make use of the latest technological trends and hybrid global delivery model that can help clients revamp, transform, and standardize IT environment. We have expertise in domains like Blockchain, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, ERP, Big Data and Live Video Streaming. We keep close tabs on the latest trends and technologies. Our highly skilled team of developers, deliver top-notch development solutions at the best market rates."
United India Ins...,4.3,(166 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 65 more",85 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"United India Insurance Company Limited was incorporated as a Company on 18th February 1938. General Insurance Business in India was nationalized in 1972. 12 Indian Insurance Companies, 4 Cooperative Insurance Societies and Indian operations of 5 Foreign Insurers, besides General Insurance operations of southern region of Life Insurance Corporation of India were merged with United India Insurance Company Limited. After Nationalization United India has grown by leaps and bounds and has over 14000 work force spread across 2276 offices providing insurance cover to 1.74 Crore policy holders. The Company has variety of insurance products to provide insurance cover from bullock carts to satellites.United India has been in the forefront of designing and implementing complex covers to large customers, as in cases of ONGC Ltd , GMR- Hyderabad International Airport Ltd, Mumbai International Airport Ltd Tirumala-Tirupati Devasthanam etc. We have been also the pioneer in taking Insurance to rural masses with large level implementation of Universal Health Insurance Programme of Government of India & Vijaya Raji Janani Kalyan Yojana ( covering 45 lakhs women in the state of Madhya Pradesh) , Tsunami Jan Bima Yojana (in 4 states covering 4.59 lakhs of families) , National Livestock Insurance and many such schemes."
St. John's Medic...,3.9,(166 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 7 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The St. John’s Medical College Hospital was conceived as the cradle of clinical learning for all our graduates and postgraduates affiliated to our institutes across the health fields of medicine, nursing, paraclinical and allied health. This professional education can only occur by providing learning experiences that are academically sound, holistic, comprehensive and professionally delivered by our physicians who are also faculty. The hospital began functioning on the 8th December, 1975, and has steadily grown from a few hundred beds and units to over 40 full-fledged departments providing care and treatment services, both specialty and super specialty. By 2018 we would have added 600 beds to continue to be one of the largest health care facilities under one roof in Bengaluru with 2000 bed strength."
Shaily Engineeri...,3.9,(166 Reviews),Public,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujarat + 4 more",43 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Shaily was established over 30 years ago by Mike Sanghvi. From a start-up of just two injection moulding machines, we are now India’s largest exporter of plastics components and are a publicly listed company.Today we employ over 1000 employees across five manufacturing plants and have over 120 injection moulding machines, with sophisticated high speed automated and robotic production lines.We produce goods for some of the biggest names on the planet and our exceptionally high quality standards enables us to supply products for the medical, healthcare and consumer sectors, as well as critical components for the automotive industry. We are certified to ISO 9001, ISO 13485, ISO 15378 and compliant with FDA 21 and CFR 820.As well as commodity polymers, we specialise in high and ultra high performance polymers and are the only licensed manufacturer of Torlon in India.Geographically we are placed in an easily accessible location for both suppliers and for shipping products to customers, with our sites near Baroda, Gujarat."
Zee Laboratories,3.1,(166 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 16 more",30 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Zee has presence in the various Institutions and Government Departments in India, Sri Lanka & Mauritius and is Approved & Registered with Indian Railways & Command Hospitals and in various sectors."
Bnp Paribas Secu...,3.9,(166 Reviews),Private,Pantin + 5 more,175 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"We are a multi-asset servicing specialist committed to helping our clients achieve their ambitions both in terms of investments and cross-border distribution.

In a changing world, you need a partner that understands the changing market landscape and the intricacies of the securities services industry. Our extensive network of over 90 markets and the rich diversity of our people enable us to provide our institutional clients with the connectivity and local knowledge they need to navigate change in a fast-moving world.

As a forward-thinking business, we continuously invest in new technologies, sustainability and innovation.

Our clients benefit from securities servicing solutions closely integrated with the best-in-class capabilities of the BNP Paribas Group. These include treasury financing and advisory, and global markets solutions.

We are a wholly-owned subsidiary of the BNP Paribas Group and one of the highest-rated asset servicing banks in the industry. With us, clients’ assets are safe and their risks are mitigated.

Our values drive BNP Paribas forward and are a cornerstone of our business. We rely on our strengths that include: stability, responsibility, expertise and being a good place to work. We listen, we respond and we look forward to working with you."
Indian Metals & ...,4.2,(166 Reviews),Public,"Bhubaneswar,Odisha + 14 more",62 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1961 in the Eastern State of Odisha known for its rich natural resources, IMFA is India's largest, fully integrated producer of ferro alloys with 187 MVA installed furnace capacity backed up by 138 MW captive power generation and extensive chrome ore mining tracts. We are unique from the quality perspective due to comprehensive ISO 9001 Quality Management certification besides ISO 14001 Environment Management and ISO 18001 Occupational Health & Safety certification"
Knowledge Splice...,3.4,(166 Reviews),Private,"Houston,Texas + 9 more",12 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"KNOWLEDGE SPLICE SERVICES Faq | Sitemap Quality Knowledge Processing Services in a Flatter World Contact UsCareersHappy EmployeesSoftware ServiceBPO ServicesWhy KSSAbout UsHome WINNING COLLABORATION Client LoginEmp LoginCompany NameUser NamePasswordForgot Password SubmitAbout UsKnowledge Splice Service Pvt. Ltd (KSS) is a leading global provider of consulting, outsourcing, learning, and technology services. We also deliver superior business results for our clients. Knowledge Splice works with customers in a variety of ways to improve their efficiency, both operationally and financially.Knowledge Splice Services was founded in May 2011 as a BPO service company. In a short period, the business processes supported has expanded widely in the industry domains of Title and Mortgage processing. Employing over 300 of the most talented individuals we could identify, Knowledge Splice Services provides a team dedicated to exceeding your expectations in all areas.This is one of the fastest developing mortgage BPO service providers. Knowledge Splice is a highly rated specialty service provider and prides itself on setting the standard for quality, customer service, turnaround time and speed of resolution."
Prolifics Corpor...,3.6,(166 Reviews),Private,"Orlando,Florida + 5 more",45 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Prolifics brings your digital transformation visions to life. We deliver results faster ... and provide accelerators and solutions for any point on your digital roadmap, or the entire transformation journey. Our global team of consultants and experienced engineers advise on the best starting point to give you immediate impact, deliver cloud and other digital solutions in a DevOps environment that are scalable to meet your changing needs and stay with you after the implementation to provide managed services so your teams can focus on other priorities. That lets you get on with the business of exceeding your own customers expectations."
Great Learning,3.9,(166 Reviews),"Gurgaon,Haryana + 6 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Great Learning offers career-relevant programs from world-class universities in the most in-demand domains. With best in class completion rates, learner satisfaction and career transitions, when you learn from Great Learning, you #PowerAhead."
Motilal Oswal,3.9,(166 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 62 more,36 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Motilal Oswal Financial Services Ltd. is a reputed name in Financial Services with group companies providing services such as Private Wealth Management, Retail Broking and Distribution, Institutional Broking, Asset Management, Investment Banking, Private Equity, Commodity Broking, Currency Broking, Principal Strategies & Home Finance. Motilal Oswal Securities Ltd.* is a group company of Motilal Oswal Financial Service Limited which started as a stock broking company and has blossomed into well diversified firm offering a range of financial products and services.

We have a diversified client base that includes retail customers (including High Net worth Individuals), mutual funds, foreign institutional investors, financial institutions and corporate clients. Our core purpose is to be well respected and preferred global financial services organization enabling wealth creation for all our customers. Research is the solid foundation on which Motilal Oswal Securities, advice is based on. We give utmost importance to research and use cutting-edge technology to disseminate it to our customers. Our research has received wide media coverage and consistently won awards, showcasing our strong research capabilities. This includes being awarded 'Best Performing National Financial Advisor - Equity Broker' for four years in a row at the UTI-CNBC TV18 Financial Advisor Awards.

As a retail broking customer you can trade in Equity, Derivatives, Commodities, Currencies, Mutual Funds, IPOs, Bonds, and Insurance through us. Trade on BSE, NSE, NCDEX & MCX through the Web, Mobile, Desktop or Call-n-trade. From a share trading company to a diversified financial services company our journey of wealth creation for all our customers continues. Motilal Oswal Securities Limited (""MOSL"") has been amalgamated with Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited (""MOFSL"") w.e.f. August 21, 2018, pursuant to the order dated July 30, 2018 issued by Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench."
Atyati Technolog...,4.3,(166 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 33 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Atyati technologies has created a comprehensive end-to-end mobility based multi application platform called GANASEVA. The platform supports and enables the flow of products and services from financial institutions, government agencies and commercial enterprises to citizens in remote rural geographies. A fully automated system, GANASEVA provides a common infrastructure for data collection and information management."
SkillVertex,3.3,(166 Reviews),"Bangalore,Karnataka + 4 more",2 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Vertex,3.6,(942 Reviews),Private,"King Of Prussia,Pennsylvania + 17 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Altruist India is a leading integrated end- to end solution providers across Business Process Outsourcing, Customer Management Outsourcing and IT Services, serving host of clients across many sectors.

Our over 10,000 professionals specialize in unlocking value by providing excellent service to our client's customers, while delivering desired business outcomes. By building ""same side of the table"" relationships, we provide powerful insights and deliver solutions that improve customer experience, reduce cost-to-serve and increase profitability"
Ador Welding,4.0,(165 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 21 more",72 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Since it's inception (1951), Ador Welding Ltd. (AWL) has gone a long way to become one of India's leading players in the industry. As a pioneer, Ador Welding Ltd. has played a significant role in country's Industrialisation and infrastructure development by providing the finest welding consumables, and equipment's, automation solutions and skill development in India. The organisation is listed on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), Mumbai with Scrip Code 517041 and National Stock Exchange (NSE) with symbol: ADORWELD

Exceeding expectations is the cultural trademark of this company ably supported by state-of-the-art manufacturing plants. With Knowledge Based Centres of Excellence (R&D), a comprehensive sales and distribution network, Project Engineering Business Division, high-tech patented Plasma MIG solution covering many high-end specialization, AWL sets new standards in the Indian & Oversea's Markets."
Cryoviva Biotech,3.2,(165 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 36 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Cryoviva Biotech Private Limited was founded in 2006 by RJ Corp. The company is focused on providing high-quality umbilical cord blood stem cell processing, and storage for both private and public donation purposes. Based at Gurgaon with networks in all the towns of India provides a high end processing and storage technology which are approved by International authorities.Cryoviva Biotech Private Limited is a progressively growing Organization. As an Organization committed towards providing best in class services to the clients, we leave no stone unturned towards hiring a suitable fit. At Cryoviva India, we believe that every employee brings an expertise to offer. With transparent systems, fair procedures and exciting reward mechanism, working at Cryoviva is lot more than achieving targets. We take immense pride in calling us a Young, Exuberant & Caring Organization. With the kind of diverse workforce, coming from all corners of country & society, we relish each other’s company and enjoy each other’s success."
Vindhya e-Info M...,3.9,(165 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 10 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Vindhya E-Infomedia Private Limited, a BPO started in the year 2006 with the vision of bringing Business and Philanthropy together. The main aim of Vindhya was to offer a platform through employment for people deprived of opportunity and focus on employing people from communities including: People with Disabilities, socially disadvantaged women & Border cases of Autistic, and also focus on women from BPL families to complement the rest of the workforce. Primary objective of Vindhya is to bring them into the mainstream job. Through this, vindhya has been successful in brining financial independence, self respect and dignity into the lives of such people who have been deprived of opportunities. In 12 years of our inclusive journey, we have carved a niche for ourselves in the BPO industry by offering high-quality and cost effective Contact Center and Data Solutions It is a commitment from us to give them Equal Opportunity. Vindhya E-Infomedia provides IT and IT Enabled Services through the state-of-the-art center located in Bangalore and Hyderabad. Vindhya has successfully delivered several complex turnkey projects and solutions to multinational, transnational companies in Microfinance, Telecom, Banking, Insurance, Retail and Government sector. State-of-the-art IT infrastructure and process solutions position us to address the dynamic requirements of variety of industry verticals. Vindhya is a pioneer in providing 24*7 end-to-end back office services to clients from its multiple branches at – Bangalore and Hyderabad. Vindhya has been recognized at various platforms for creation of employment opportunities and received various awards which includes Shell-Helen Keller Award, NDTV business Leadership Award, Best Employee engagement award etc.and also been recognized as one of 100 Women Achievers of India by the Ministry of Women and child Development."
Van Heusen,4.2,(165 Reviews),Private,New York + 53 more,102 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Van Heusen
Known for revolutionary style since 1921, Van Heusen meets the needs of the modern professional with stylish and innovative classics. From dress shirts with collars that stretch 1/2 an inch. and suits featuring natural stretch, to pants with flexing waistbands, one thing is certain: uncomfortable clothing is now history. Discover the full collection- including Big & Tall sizes-and the women's assortment, right here, right now. You're welcome."
Dee Piping Syste...,4.3,(165 Reviews),Private,"Palwal,Haryana + 5 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"DEE Piping Systems (DEE), incorporated as DEE Development Engineers Limited was founded by Chairman & Managing Director Mr. K.L. Bansal along with a team of two technocrats in the year 1983. DEE, in the past three decades, driven by leaders with a bold and strong entrepreneurial vision, has evolved in the diverse field of Piping engineering and fabrication."
Puzzolana Machin...,3.6,(165 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 5 more",59 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Puzzolana, an ISO: 9001: 2008 firm is a diversified group based at Hyderabad with world class infrastructure in place. Puzzolana with five decades of enviable history has the reputation of delivering effective, economic & environmentally compatible engineering solutions to infrastructure challenges. A truly ‘Make in India’ organization, it made great progress & success in Multi engineering disciplines like Design, Metallurgy, Fabrication, Machining, Infrastructure & Turnkey solutions for varied business needs. Puzzolana brand is known for its uncompromising quality, Indigenous technology & innovation through its dedicated service. Puzzolana is the market leader in Aggregate Crushers in India and has adapted state-of-the-art technologies in engineering catering to the infrastructure needs of our country and global market.Puzzolana apart from Manufacturing is also a “Solution Partner” catering to various industries like Aggregates, Cement, Iron ore, Chemicals, Fertilizers, Mineral Processing, Quarries, Paper, Sugar, Steel and many others. The installation of Puzzolana products would not only ensure cost reduction in initial investment but also contribute substantially to the successful and economical operation of the plant and machinery supplied. Puzzolana has product range developed with the latest technology to minimize the cost of production coupled with effective after sales and service."
TÜV Rheinland,4.0,(165 Reviews),Private,Cologne + 31 more,151 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"TUV RHEINLAND (INDIA) PVT. LTD.TÜV Rheinland (India) Pvt Ltd. (TÜV) is a member of TÜV Rheinland Group. We are a leading provider of technical services worldwide. Founded in 1872 and headquartered in Cologne, the Group employs more than 11,000 people in over 300 locations in 60 countries. The Group’s mission and guiding principle is to achieve sustained development of safety and quality in order to meet the challenges arising from the interaction between man, technology and the environment.The employees of the TÜV Rheinland Group are driven by the conviction that social and industrial development can only be achieved through technological progress and the safe deployment of technical innovations, products and facilities.Advising, developing, promoting, examining and certifying: The worldwide expert network of the TUV Rheinland Group accompanies leading enterprises and institutions in their continuous improvement of products, systems and processes.We are active in 10 locations in India (Bangalore, Chennai, Coimbatore, Pune, Delhi, Hyderabad, Mohali, Baroda, Kolhapur and Guntur) since 1996.A small selection of our areas of expertise in the quality assurance, safety and security field:Industrial Services - Pressure Equipment and Materials Technology; Elevators, Conveyor and Machinery Technology; Electrical Engineering and Building Technology; Industrial Engineering Safety, Civil Engineering, Energy and Environmental Technologies, CDMMobility and Transport - Homologation; Car and services and appraisals; Aviation services; Transport Telematics, Consulting and LogisticsProduct Safety Testing & Certification - Electrical/Electronic Services; Mechanical & Machinery Services; Medical Devices; EMC and Telecommunication Services; Ergonomics and Usability Services; Product and Environmental Services; Market Access Services; Lifecycle Management and Third party inspection; Certification for all kind of productsLife Care - Occupational Health & Safety; Health, Healthcare and Wellness Management; Medical Center Services; Food servicesEducation and Consulting - Academy, Business Consulting, e.g. CMMI, PCCM, PMSystems - Management System Certification (e.g. ISO9000, ISO14000, TS, OHSAS, SA8000, HACCP) IT Security (e.g. ISO27000, ISO20000, Common Criteria, Prototype protection), TUV Rheinland Star Rating schemeTo know more about TUV, please visit our website:TUV Web Page:http://www.tuv.com/in/en/index.html Orhttp://www.tuv.com/de/en/industry_solutions.htmlTUV Careers:View Jobshttp://www.tuv.com/in/en/jobs_and_career.html Powered by Monster"
Nippon Koei Indi...,4.7,(165 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 27 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Nippon Koei India Pvt. Ltd. (NK India) is an ISO 9001:2015 & ISO 14001:2015 certified company and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nippon Koei Co., Ltd. of Japan (Nippon Koei). NK India, headquartered in New Delhi, focuses on projects in India and other developing countries. Formed in 2008, it is managed and staffed with highly experienced Professionals with significant overseas consulting experience. They provides in-car infotainment and automotive electronics systems. The Company supplies car audio and multi media systems, speakers, antennas, reverse parking, central locking, security, and navigation systems. Nippon Audiotronix serves customers in India."
Alorica,3.1,(165 Reviews),Private,"Irvine,California + 6 more",24 years old,10k-50k Employees (Global),"We’re Alorica—100,000+ strong and dedicated to creating insanely great experiences for customers everywhere. It’s our great privilege to represent the best brands in the world, and we embrace every day and every challenge with passion, performance, and possibilities.

Some see the sky as the limit. We see it as a stepping stone."
Wissen Technolog...,3.9,(165 Reviews),Private,"Bengaluru,Karnataka + 5 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Wissen Technology is a global consulting and solutions company that brings unparalleled domain expertise in Banking and Finance, Telecom, and  StartUps. Wissen Technology is a part of the Wissen Group and was established in the year 2015. Wissen has offices in US, India, UK, Australia, Mexico, and Canada, with best-in-class infrastructure and development facilities. Wissen has successfully delivered projects worth $1 Billion for more than 25 of the Fortune 500 companies. The Wissen Group overall includes more than 3200 highly skilled professionals.

 Wissen Technology provides exceptional value in mission-critical projects for its clients, through thought leadership, ownership, and assured on-time deliveries that are always ‘first time right’. Our team consists of 1000+ highly skilled professionals, with leadership and senior management executives who have graduated from Ivy League Universities like Wharton, MIT, IITs, IIMs, and NITs and with rich work experience in some of the biggest companies in the world. 

Wissen Technology offers an array of services including Application Development, Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning, Big Data & Analytics, Visualization & Business Intelligence, Robotic Process Automation, Cloud, Mobility, Agile & DevOps, Quality Assurance & Test Automation. 

We have been certified as a Great Place to Work®  for two consecutive years (2020-2022) and voted as the Top 20 AI/ML vendor by CIO Insider."
Solitaire World,4.0,(165 Reviews),Private,Pune + 2 more,37 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"An innovative Real Estate developer creating luxury residential, commercial and retail spaces. Our practices are based on our fundamental values driven by our Vision and Mission statements."
Netaxis IT Solut...,3.7,(165 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu",23 years old,1-10 Employees (India),"PerfectionPerfection with Passion to discover Excellence.NETAXIS IT Solution (P) Ltd is a leading company in the new world of Information Technology since the year 2000 and Incorporated as a Private Limited in 2005. We provide services to our clients in different countries like UK, USA, Spain, and Netherlands. We have multiple projects on hand with a highly qualified team handling each project, ensuring an uninterrupted flow of work. NETAXIS is a great success story in any dimensions and committed to long-term nourishing relationships with people around the world."
AQM Technologies,3.3,(165 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 6 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"AQM Technologies is one of India’s leading domain specialist software testing lab. With a wide array of domain specialists and experts, we work to make every experience of software testing a happy experience for our clients. Our expertise brings together technology and functionality to ensure reduced time from development to deployment, ensuring improved performance and reduced costs."
Netaxis IT Solut...,3.7,(165 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu",23 years old,1-10 Employees (India),"PerfectionPerfection with Passion to discover Excellence.NETAXIS IT Solution (P) Ltd is a leading company in the new world of Information Technology since the year 2000 and Incorporated as a Private Limited in 2005. We provide services to our clients in different countries like UK, USA, Spain, and Netherlands. We have multiple projects on hand with a highly qualified team handling each project, ensuring an uninterrupted flow of work. NETAXIS is a great success story in any dimensions and committed to long-term nourishing relationships with people around the world."
Vindhya e-Info M...,3.9,(165 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 10 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Vindhya E-Infomedia Private Limited, a BPO started in the year 2006 with the vision of bringing Business and Philanthropy together. The main aim of Vindhya was to offer a platform through employment for people deprived of opportunity and focus on employing people from communities including: People with Disabilities, socially disadvantaged women & Border cases of Autistic, and also focus on women from BPL families to complement the rest of the workforce. Primary objective of Vindhya is to bring them into the mainstream job. Through this, vindhya has been successful in brining financial independence, self respect and dignity into the lives of such people who have been deprived of opportunities. In 12 years of our inclusive journey, we have carved a niche for ourselves in the BPO industry by offering high-quality and cost effective Contact Center and Data Solutions It is a commitment from us to give them Equal Opportunity. Vindhya E-Infomedia provides IT and IT Enabled Services through the state-of-the-art center located in Bangalore and Hyderabad. Vindhya has successfully delivered several complex turnkey projects and solutions to multinational, transnational companies in Microfinance, Telecom, Banking, Insurance, Retail and Government sector. State-of-the-art IT infrastructure and process solutions position us to address the dynamic requirements of variety of industry verticals. Vindhya is a pioneer in providing 24*7 end-to-end back office services to clients from its multiple branches at – Bangalore and Hyderabad. Vindhya has been recognized at various platforms for creation of employment opportunities and received various awards which includes Shell-Helen Keller Award, NDTV business Leadership Award, Best Employee engagement award etc.and also been recognized as one of 100 Women Achievers of India by the Ministry of Women and child Development."
Opporture,4.9,(165 Reviews),201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Sungard Availabi...,4.1,(164 Reviews),Private,"Jacksonville,Florida",55 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Sungard Availability Services (Sungard AS) helps businesses transform their IT environments, ensuring they are resilient and recoverable. We leverage our experience across a broad range of IT landscapes to align the right workloads with the right infrastructures—whether hybrid cloud, legacy or something in-between.
As a result, our customers can streamline and manage complexity, minimize risk and adapt to change, while capitalizing on the opportunities that digital transformation offers. With 40 years of disaster recovery experience, we know how to keep mission-critical operations highly available for our customers. It’s why more than 70 percent of Fortune 100 companies rely on us for resilient and recoverable IT."
CPA Global,4.0,(164 Reviews),Private,"St Helier,New Jersey + 3 more",54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CPA Global is the world’s leading Intellectual Property (IP) Management and Technology company. We serve over 10,000 customers and connect millions of global IP users every day.

Like our customers, we too are innovators, bringing to market new ways to manage IP more efficiently, minimise risk and make better decisions through revolutionary technology and platform application."
Data-Core System...,3.5,(164 Reviews),Private,Bristol + 6 more,35 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Data-Core Systems offers breakthrough tech solutions by combining technology, innovation and a global, collaborative workforce exemplifying the future of work.  With offices in Philadelphia, Bristol, Las Vegas, Kolkata, Mumbai and Dubai, we offer around the clock support. All offices are comprised of Data-Core employees; our work is not outsourced.  DCS’s management staff brings hundreds of years of professional experience in IT products, consulting and BPS services. Our experience spans industries from finance, healthcare, retail, transportation, media, education, manufacturing and government."
Systems Plus Tra...,4.6,(164 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 1 more,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Systems Plus Transformations is a global boutique Information Technology Solution and Services Provider with customers in Europe, North America and Asia Pacific.

Our presence in India, UK, US enable us to serve our valued customer globally using near shore and offshore delivery models.

Our aspiration is simple – to align ourselves to the business transformational objectives of our customers and assist them in optimising the transformation for their success. This ensures that our customers thrive in an ever-changing business environment."
Kangaro Industri...,4.0,(164 Reviews),Private,"Ludhiana,Punjab + 14 more",29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"KANGARO group which inter-alia includes KANGARO Industries(Regd.), Kanin (India), KANGARO Industries Limited & Munix (India) Pvt. Ltd. are well known manufacturers & exporters of various products such as Staplers, Staples, Staple Removers, Paper Punches, Scissors, Carbon Papers, Gun Tackers, Pneumatic Tools and Industrial staples.InfrastructureKANGARO houses a comprehensive sheet metal components manufacturing shop, a machine shop having a range of special purpose machines, fully automatic electroplating plant, fully automatic powder coating plant, plastic injection molding shop besides the heat treatment shop and all other required facilities right inside. In the staple manufacturing section, KANGARO has a fully automatic wire drawing line to manufacture desired quality of wire that is used to manufacture staples on completely automatic multiple wire staple manufacturing lines. KANGARO also has the traditional single wire machines for special applications."
Super Auto Forge,4.0,(164 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 4 more",48 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Super Auto Forge Private Limited (SAF) was started in the year 1975, over the past 4 decades it is growing steadily and it is one of the successful component manufacturers in India. Today, SAF is the largest manufacturer of Cold & Warm forged components in India. In the CV Joints components & Aluminum Braking components sector SAF is one among the top 3 Global players. From a modest Sales Turnover of less than Rs.3 crores in early 90’s, SAF has grown 100 folds to cross Rs.550 crores Sales in 2017 with sustain its leadership in the field. SAF, being a strong technology driven Company does not have any collaboration and has its own dedicated in-house R&D, equipped with latest simulation software for process development and also employ highly competent Engineers for Process/Product Development and Tool Innovations. It also has a state of art Tool Room and dedicated Forging Presses for development purposes. Since, 1994 SAF has shown steady expansion in its growth. In the year 2008, during the global Recession, SAF management turned the adversity to an opportunity and restructured the business model and de-risked itself from region and also between Non-Automotive & Automotive. Approximate sales of SAF’s 10% is from Non-Auto business and its sales are distributed between Asia, Europe & USA.SAF is a single source supplier to most of the globally competing Tier -1 suppliers in the part of family portfolio. SAF has employed approximately 1250 employees across all locations and has excellent industrial relationship with its employees for over 40 years. With TEI (Total Employee Involvement) as the main focus, SAF motivates its employees through Improve Morale, Enhance Employee Motivation, Cultivate Innovations, Increase Productivity, Increase ownership & Commitments, Increases Trust in Organization, Team work.There arevarious facilities provided for the employers such as Employee Motivation schemes, Monthly Performance Incentives, Suggestion scheme, Higher Education scheme for employees. Apart from the annual get-together with employee families, employee’s children are also provide financial support for their education. The highly motivated employees participate in lot of continuous improvement activities on an ongoing basis, thereby resulting in improvement of processes and lot of value engineering."
QDegrees,4.0,(164 Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 21 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"QDegrees Services, we are a business consulting and product innovation company. We empower our clients to enhance customer satisfaction and loyalty by leveraging the customer experience. 
Our vision is ""to make customer experience simple yet effective by innovative CX models, utilizing the power of digitization and human intelligence…”
We specialize in, 
•	Empowering your businesses to enhance customer lifecycle 
•	Customer Journey Mapping, Voice of Customer and Research 
•	Developing world class AI based IT products 
•	Enterprise level application development & consulting 
Our in-house SaaS based products:
1.	Survey CXM: NPS Survey Software
2.	DoYourSurvey: DIY Research Tool
3.	QAViews: Interaction Audit Tool
4.	SamparQ: Employee Engagement Platform
5.	HRqPRO: Human Resource Management System
6.	ChecklisTree: Online checklist creation & management
7.	Price4Sure: Online price benchmarking tool and sentiment analysis
 
Our consulting services
1.	Mystery Shopping and Compliance audits,
2.	Interaction Audits (Calls, email social media, chats)
3.	Process writing and re-engineering
4.	ISO Consulting
5.	Competition Benchmarking
6.	Market Research
7.	Contact center operations
8.	Fleet management & field services
 
With over 50+ delighted clients, 160+ ongoing projects, 7 SaaS-based products, and an ever-growing team of experts, QDegrees Services is well on its way to becoming the global leader in customer experience strategy and deployment."
Nexval Infotech,3.4,(164 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 2 more",14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"In 2009, Nexval was founded by a group of seasoned executives with deep domain expertise in mortgage banking and outsourcing services. Today, with clients from across the globe and skilled employees on board, Nexval is revolutionizing business process management services and solutions.Nexval’s team of 700+ associates have extensive Mortgage and Banking Software Development, Software Integration, and Business Process Outsourcing expertise to deliver you world-class support. With a clear focus on innovation, incorporation of the latest technologies, and cost-efficient solutions, we are a partner of choice for global organizations looking to streamline their operations and boost their competitiveness."
OnsiteGo,4.0,(164 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 11 more",13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Onsitego has one overwhelming purpose:To Provide Exceptional Customer Service in consumer Electronics. Our goal is to ensure, that the simple joy of owning an electronic device or appliance stays with the customer for as long as possible. We’re proud of our ever growing family of 5 Million + customers. We seek to transform the purchase, ownership and resale of electronic products into hassle-free and transparent experiences."
Tops Security,3.7,(164 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",53 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"TOPSGRUP is India’s largest and leading Services Group, providing a broad range of people and supportive services for the last 48 years through bespoke offerings. The company delivers ISO 9001:2008 certified services to a growing community of 9,700 customers including globally-renowned names such as IBM, Airtel, Microsoft, Tata Group, Apple, Twitter, LinkedIn and many more. TOPSGRUP has over 1,40,000 trained professionals guarding human and capital assets at over 30,000 locations across the country. Media reports and customer surveys consistently rank TOPSGRUP as one of India's most trusted services brands. TOPSGRUP's comprehensive suite of integrated and customised offerings, delivered through a large network of over 251 offices, range from Manned Guarding, Integrated Facility Management, Logistics Solutions to Emergency Response services, System Integration and People Services. Leveraging its 48-year legacy of proven excellence, TOPSGRUP serves customers present across sectors such as manufacturing, technology, retail, government, infrastructure, banking, e-commerce, and entertainment, among others."
Namaste India Fo...,4.2,(164 Reviews),"Kanpur,Uttar Pradesh + 19 more",9 years old,11-50 Employees (India),N/A,"NIF Pvt. Ltd. is an Indian Dairy Company, the sister concern of 7000 Cr. RSPL Ltd., is committed to supply pure milk and fresh milk products. Company has two fully automated plants at par with international standards one is Located at Shivrajpur, 31 km. away from Kanpur Nagar, and another is located near Modinagar 34 km. away from Ghaziabad. We are collecting, processing and pasteurizing 9 Lakh liters of milk per day. We have Collection Centers in 3900 villages and will be extending to 4900 villages in the upcoming two years. In this way, we are planning to supply pure and fresh milk to every house, and very soon, in every city.Milk is considered most essential for our healthy diet. Be it for kids or women, milk is always recommended to be a part of our daily intake. We, at Namaste India, understand the value of your health and therefore try to provide you fresh and rich milk, full of vitamins."
Drake & Scull In...,3.9,(164 Reviews),Private,Dubai + 13 more,142 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"The first Drake & Scull office in the Middle East was established in Abu Dhabi in 1966, nearly 90 years after being originally founded in the United Kingdom. Currently, the company’s operations extend throughout the region and across the globe with offices in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Egypt, Jordan, Algeria, and India, in addition to managing projects in Europe and other parts of North Africa.

With its diverse range of business, Drake & Scull have held a leading role, creating some of the region’s most iconic landmarks. Our main business streamlines ideally cater to industry demands. Drake & Scull Construction (DSC), which acts as the General Civil Contracting unit, Drake & Scull Engineering (DSE), which offers Mechanical, Electrical and Plumbing solutions, Drake & Scull Rail & Infrastructure (DSR&I) focusing on rail networks, rail stations and district cooling related infrastructure, Drake & Scull Oil & Gas (DSOG) focusing on Onshore and Offshore oil facilities, Passavant Energy & Environment (PE&E) which caters to Water and Waste Water Treatment and Drake & Scull Development (DSD) which addresses Public-Private Partnerships (PPP).

In just 5 decades, the company has evolved into an internationally renowned, multi-billion dollar organization while firmly maintaining its solid track record of sustained profitability. In 2008, DSI offered 55% of its shares to the public and the IPO was oversubscribed 101 times. Ernst& Young ranked the IPO among the top 20 global IPOs of that year.

We continue to lead by example, even under the most challenging circumstances. DSI is consistently moving forward with new expansion strategies, inventive business models and unmatched quality standards.

The fully Integrated Management Systems, certified to ISO 9001:2008, ISO 14001:2004, ISO 27001:2013 and OHSAS 18001:2007 standards are compliant with leading building, health and safety regulations, as well as sound environmental and energy management procedures."
Confidence Petro...,3.6,(164 Reviews),Public,"Nagpur,Maharashtra + 28 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Confidence Group is the biggest private LPG Cylinder manufacturer with 15 cylinder manufacturing units in India.

With 196+ Auto LPG stations in India, group is also one of the leading Auto LPG chain of the nation.

Is India's largest Private Sector LPG Bottler with 58 Bottling plants.

 It supplies LPG gas cylinders under the brand name Go Gas & Go gas Elite - Composite LPG cylinders through its strong dealer network. 

Group has operations in 22 states."
MEDOPHARM,3.3,(164 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 14 more",53 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Medopharm – part of the $100 million Chordia Group – is a leading and respected manufacturer and exporter of Pharmaceutical products. With an experience of close to 50 years in pharmaceutical manufacturing and distribution, Medopharm now supplies to more than 90 countries around the world and is actively engaged in the Domestic market. We…Value Life is the very foundation of our principle that guides the group’s mission"
BharatPe,3.8,(164 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 45 more",5 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We empower merchants to accept UPI payments for ‘FREE’ simply through the BharatPe QR. Merchants can sign up instantly and start receiving funds immediately in their bank accounts. BharatPe makes payment acceptance simple by offering merchants a single interface for all UPI apps such as PayTm, PhonePe, Google Pay, BHIM, Mobikwik, Freecharge, True Caller and hundreds of other UPI apps.

We have made payments acceptance absolutely FREE for all businesses, with NO CHARGES AT ALL. Our main intention is to be a one-stop business utility app for all offline merchants in India for all their business needs.

We are not a re-seller, aggregator or a payment gateway in the traditional sense. We work closely with our partner banks to develop custom APIs to enable an extremely easy/ simple payment system for our merchants. Our QR technology and deep integration at the bank end is our secret sauce."
Helloverify,3.6,(164 Reviews),"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 2 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Helloverify is a leading background screening company in India. We provide a compliant & robust background screening process to help large enterprises, small businesses, startup’s and individuals to build successful relationships with their applicants based on trust and safety.

Helloverify is an online background screening company. But what's most exciting is that with our Machine Learning and AI expertise we will totally disrupt the traditional background screening market, and we are the first company to take advantage of this new technology that is set to 10x the market in the next 4 years. Thus, Helloverify will be able to offer the fastest, cheapest, and most accurate reports, which will allow it to become India's leading background screening company."
RapiPay,4.0,(164 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 46 more",5 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"RapiPay is building the largest network of ""RapiPay Saathis"" - competent and equipped with technology and connectivity to provide retail financial services via a one-stop payments solution platform to its end customers, in a manner that is simple and secure. RapiPay brings banking and financial services to crores of Indian consumers who are underbanked. We make your neighbourhood shop provides banking services for your convenience."
Government of Ma...,4.3,(813 Reviews),Mumbai + 40 more,1k-5k Employees (Global),N/A,N/A,N/A
Padmini VNA Mech...,4.0,(163 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana",32 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in 2005, Padmini VNA is focused on the innovation and manufacturing of cutting-edge technologies for the auto components industry.
Since its inception, Padmini VNA has made significant contributions to the auto components sector with its innovative solutions, products and technologies that are designed and engineered for fuel-efficiency and quality with an emphasis on aiding the transition to a greener planet.

With a wide range of technology offerings for ICE, Hybrid and BEV, we supply components to passenger cars, commercial vehicles, two-wheelers, three-wheelers, and tractors."
AIG,4.0,(163 Reviews),New York + 8 more,14 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"With roots that trace back to 1919, we're a global insurance company with operations in more than 80 countries and jurisdictions. We provide a range of insurance products to support our clients in business and in life, including: general property/casualty, life insurance, and retirement and financial services through our General Insurance, Life and Retirement and Investments business units.
What unites us across all of these products is our commitment to helping our clients prepare for what’s next. Whether that’s helping cities and communities to prepare for and recover from natural disasters or providing a financially secure retirement for millions of Americans, we have the specialist expertise to help clients better manage risk.
In addition to doing what’s right for our clients, we’re also committed to doing the right thing for our people and the communities where we work, live and serve our customers. It’s why we offer our employees a flexible work arrangement and training programs so they can grow professionally. We also encourage our employees to give back. We provide Volunteer Time Off to our global workforce, allowing them to provide hands-on support to the causes they care about most, and we donate over $6M each year through our matching grants program to nonprofit organizations our employees support."
Zuari Agro Chemi...,4.1,(163 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 38 more",56 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Zuari Agro Chemicals Ltd was founded by eminent Indian industrialist Late Dr KK Birla in 1967, and the manufacturing operations started in 1974. The products of Zuari are being sold by the brand- Jai Kisaan.Today it is the flagship company of Adventz Group and leading the agriculture vertical of the Group, under the leadership of Mr. Saroj Kumar Poddar. Zuari is a single-window agricultural solution provider, and partners with Indian farmers for progress and prosperity. It enables agricultural selfsufficiency and economic independence by providing fertilisers that are both affordable and effective. Zuari is committed to effective utilization of resources and innovative initiatives for the well-being of the farming community."
IKF Finance,4.0,(163 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 52 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IKF Finance is one of the Prominent Asset Financing Company in India. IKF offers a variety of services including Vehicle Loans, SME Loans, Working Capital Loans etc. The Company’s primary focus is on financing the purchase of commercial vehicles, Cars & MUVs, Three Wheelers, Tractors and Commercial Vehicles. The Company has partnered with various renowned Banks and Financial Institutions for asset collateral management and securitization.IKF has grown rapidly over the past two decades on the foundations of committed customer service, transparent business practices, well - organized, secure financial policies and trusted customer base. It’s our people, locations and work culture that make us unique. We committed for higher standards in everything we do in servicing our customers, shareholders and business Associates."
Plada Infotech S...,3.8,(163 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 35 more",13 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"The concept of a merchant is experiencing a fundamental shift. While, merchant services, as understood by the world is taking an unprecedented technical leap. Consumers continue to decrease their reliance on cash and checks, and embrace electronic commerce and P2P money moving solutions. Businesses want to provide their customers the option to pay for goods and services with credit cards, debit cards and alternative payment products."
Synergies Castin...,3.8,(163 Reviews),Public,"Visakhapatnam/Vizag,Andhra Pradesh + 2 more",24 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"SYNERGIES, the pioneer and leader in the manufacturing of Aluminium alloy wheels in India specializes in extremely high precision, high quality alloy wheels. Wheels are subject to extreme stresses and lateral forces. Therefore, wheels have to be perfectly manufactured, else safety is compromised. The wheels need to be absolutely porosity free, air-leak free, must have extremely close tolerances, and a superb surface finish. This is possible only when there is absolute and precise control on the casting process: from the composition of the molten flow, the forming, the solidification, to the cooling process; and all downstream finishing processes - CNC, machining, multistage electrostatic painting / chrome plating processes."
BIC Cello,4.1,(163 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 25 more",65 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Cello pens are the No. 1 choice of the consumers in India, selling over 5 million pens every day! Cello also exports a broad portfolio of products to North America Europe, Africa, Middle East and Asia.

We, at BIC Cello, focus on developing innovative new products and ink flow systems, delivering significant value to the writing experience of the customers. We have consistently introduced modern technology & maintained International standards. We take pride in being a leader in introducing contemporary products to Indian consumers. We have a well-trained team of passionate employees, a rigorous quality control system. Our Research & Development team focuses on continuous improvement to ensure that we provide an exclusive writing experience. A robust and growing distribution network makes our products accessible across demographics and geographies. Empowered by our vision and values, we work to make a difference in the lives of all our stakeholders.

Our manufacturing expertise, consumer requirements, constant research on tips and inks and offering of broad range of writing instruments makes the company the market leader in the category.

Over the years, BIC Cello has expanded its product portfolio offering world-class products in stationery categories like permanent markers, white board markers, colour markers, mechanical pencils, roller pens, fountain pens & office & school stationery products."
Sakra World Hosp...,4.2,(163 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 3 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sakra World Hospital (A unit of Takshasila Hospitals Operating Private Limited) is a joint venture company between Toyota Tsusho and Secom Hospitals. It is India’s first MNC hospital committed to the advanced medical care that enhances the value of human life. Sakra combines synergies of these large entities to provide the cutting-edge medical technologies and herald a change in the current healthcare systems and processes. Sakra is dedicated to ensuring good health of the community. This flagship 350-bedded multi-super specialty hospital situated at Bangalore was launched in February 2014. The hospital offers state-of-art infrastructure with India’s first bi-plane hybrid OT, Intraoperative CT and 12 integrated modular OTs. All the advanced surgical technologies utilized at Sakra are designed to revolutionize patient care by reducing the surgical cuts and ensuring a speedy recovery for the patients."
Rajiv Gandhi Can...,3.9,(163 Reviews),NGO/NPO,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 1 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Indraprastha Cancer Society and Research Centre, is a “not for profit organization”, formed under the Societies Registration Act 1860 and it had set up Rajiv Gandhi Cancer Institute and Research Centre, a standalone oncology care centre, in Delhi, in 1996. The founders of the society are a group of socially responsible self less philanthropist, who had no financial resources but by dent of their hard work and sheer determination, were able to, initially, raise money for running the hospital. Quality, affordability and easy access, for the patients suffering from cancer were the main motivating factors for setting up of the Hospital.RGCIRC is a great example of a “not for profit organization” supplementing government efforts in the area of healthcare.Rajiv Gandhi Cancer Institute and Research Centre is today counted amongst Asia’s premier exclusive cancer centres that offer unique advantage of cutting edge technology, put to use by renowned super specialists. This potent combination of man and machine ensures world-class cancer care to not only patients from India, but also from the neighboring SAARC countries and others. We are fortunate to have touched lives of more than 2.75 Lakh patients since inception in 1996."
Verifacts Servic...,3.9,(163 Reviews),Private,Bengaluru + 6 more,19 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Verifacts is a background/antecedents verification company, specializing in the field of the Candidate Authentication Program (CAP). Headquartered in Bangalore, with nine other branches in India and several associates across the globe, Verifacts provides its services to a large number of Multinational & National companies across the globe effectively.

Since 2004, Verifacts has been the most trusted partner in Employee Background Verification industry for more than 600 Companies across the world by being a part of their HR Team & supporting them in making the Right Hiring Decision. Verifacts is considered to be a pioneer in the Background Verification Industry.

We cover almost all the checks. It includes Education Verification, Employment Verification, Address Verification, Criminal Verifications, ID Verifications, International Data Base check (IDB), Drug Test, Credit Check, Professional Reference Check, Medical Check, GAP Verification, Special Investigation, International checks, Social Media Profiling, Psychometric Tests."
Cashpor Micro Cr...,3.8,(163 Reviews),Varanasi + 30 more,21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Cashpor Micro Credit is a poverty focused, not for profit Company that provides microfinance exclusively to Below Poverty Line women in eastern U.P. and Bihar."
Trackon Courier,3.5,(163 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 41 more",21 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Trackon is proud to have a can-do attitude backed up by 17 years of experience. Embarking on a journey in 2002 with only two offices in Delhi & Mumbai, we have spread our unstoppable presence across the country. We are humbled by our phenomenal success with a turnover of more than 240 crores (FY 2018-2019). Currently, we handle over 2 lakh consignments whilst serving over 5000 pin codes every day.In 2010, we successively launched our premium product - Prime Track which guarantees a rapid service and a prompt delivery. It has been premediated to cater valuable and urgent consignments."
Emirates Flight ...,4.5,(163 Reviews),Public,"Dubai,Dubai + 11 more",41 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Based in Dubai, Emirates Flight Catering is a multicultural workplace employing over 10,000 people from 59 countries around the world. From our inception in 1982, we have been creating a creative and collaborative working environment and believe that this has been at the core of our company’s success."
ISMT,3.6,(163 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 2 more",46 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ISMT began life in 1980 as The Indian Seamless Metal Tubes Limited. At the time, the company operated one Assel Mill with an installed capacity of 15,000 metric tons per annum. Subsequently, in 1990, production was increased to 50,000 metric tons per annum with the addition of a second Assel Mill.1995In 1995, The Indian Seamless Metal Tubes Limited launched a new company, Indian Seamless Steels and Alloys Ltd. (ISSAL), to produce alloy Steel, the raw material used in the manufacture of seamless tubes, giving the company better control over product quality as well as deliveries.2000In April 2000 The Indian Seamless Metal Tubes Limited acquired Kalyani Seamless Tubes Ltd. (KSTL), a competing manufacturer of seamless tubes. The combined entity, which retained the name The Indian Seamless Metal Tubes Ltd, not only had a larger capacity (150,000 metric tons per annum) but also a much wider size range (from 6mm to 273 mm)."
Global Hospital ...,3.9,(163 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 13 more",11 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Global Hospital & Research Institute is one of the leading name in Healthcare Industry in Pune and beyond. Considering the location, Global Group Pune could foresee the need of a multi-speciality hospital for the people of Sinhagad road. Hence, the related efforts acquired a distinctive form and Global Hospital & Research Institute was established to fulfil the healthcare needs of the community. Inaugurated in 2012, it’s been a dream come true project for the esteemed Global Group Pune. Global Hospital Pune is one of the Top Multispeciality Hospital in Pune, we provide super speciality services to patients. Global Hospital & Research Institute is NABH Accredited Hospital in Pune, Where we maintain very high standards when it comes to total patient care."
Rupa,3.9,(163 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 20 more",55 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Rupa is today the unquestioned No.1 knitwear brand in India, covering the entire range of knitted garments from innerwear to casual wear. Starting as a dream in the far-sighted mindscape of three men of vision and enterprise, Rupa has evolved to become the frontrunner in India and a leading player in global markets with far-reaching footprints and millions of satisfied customers.This is because Rupa believes in moving ahead not just in terms of volumes, but also in technology and product innovations. In line with evolving consumer preferences and market demands, Rupa periodically introduces new varieties in each sub-brand. These products incorporate the latest fabric innovations, cutting-edge production techniques, and advanced design elements to give the finest experience of style and comfort to the end-user.Synonymous with quality and durability, Rupa brands are integrated across the hosiery value chain. They enjoy top-of-the-mind recall across all segments and have earned the trust of millions across the globe."
ReSource Pro,4.2,(163 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 1 more",20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"ReSource Pro brings to the insurance industry tools, technology and strategic services that enable profitable growth through operations excellence. Headquartered in New York, ReSource Pro’s global service centers address client operational needs around the clock. Recognized as an industry thought leader and listed as one of Inc. 500/5000 Fastest Growing Private Companies annually since 2009, the company is renowned for its focus on innovation, service excellence and trusted partnerships, and its unique productivity platform for insurance operations."
Bony Polymers,3.8,(163 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 10 more",42 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Bony polymers is world class engineering company established in 1981 for producing wide range of rubber components for automotive OEM across the globe. Today the group has pan india presence with 12 plants across  all the important automotive hub.

Bony polymers integrated services include design, development,tooling,moulding extrusion and assembly across  wide range of polymer products."
Aris Global Soft...,3.5,(163 Reviews),Private,"Miami,Florida + 1 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ArisGlobal is transforming the way today’s most successful Life Sciences companies develop breakthroughs and bring new products to market. Our end-to-end drug development technology platform, LifeSphere®, integrates our proprietary Nava® cognitive computing engine to automate all core functions of the drug development lifecycle. Designed with deep expertise and a long-term perspective that spans more than 30 years, LifeSphere® is a unified platform that boosts efficiency, ensures compliance, delivers actionable insights, and lowers total cost of ownership through multi-tenant SaaS architecture.Headquartered in the United States, ArisGlobal has regional offices in Europe, India, Japan and China. For more updates, follow ArisGlobal on LinkedIn and Twitter."
Sanoh,4.3,(163 Reviews),Tokyo + 14 more,84 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Sanoh Industrial Co., Ltd. was established in 1939 as Omiya Kohku Kogyo Co., Ltd. (the Omiya Aviation Industrial Company), and has grown continuously and steadily for the past 78 years since then. Together with the progression of Japan’s economic development, we have experienced internal reforms several times – as have the nature of our products. Initially, we manufactured aircraft parts and, following World War II, we worked in earnest in the brewing business. We later moved to the manufacture of motors and heat exchangers for home appliances and, in 1963, we entered the automotive parts manufacturing industry and began producing specialized tubing for automobiles."
Incred Finance,4.1,(164 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 18 more",7 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"InCred is a new-age financial services platform that leverages technology and data-science to make lending quick and easy.

InCred is credit for Incredible India. We use technology and data-science to make lending quick, simple and hassle-free. We believe traditional ways of lending can exclude those most in need because of outdated, rigid and often inefficient processes. At InCred, we have simplified the lending process with a sharp focus on serving our borrowers’ unique needs and circumstances – offering our customers a truly superior borrowing experience."
MidasCare Pharma...,3.3,(162 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 26 more",37 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We started in 1986, with a dream to bring better products to people, to care. Today, MidasCare is one of India's most dynamic, youthful and fast growing pharmaceutical companies. Touching lives of millions across India, Asia, the Middle East, Europe, Africa and America."
SHV Energy,3.9,(162 Reviews),Private,Hoofddorp + 22 more,27 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"SHV India is a 100% subsidiary of SHV Energy, which markets its products and services under the brand name 'SUPERGAS'​. SHV Energy is a leading distributor and marketer of LPG in the world with over six decades of LPG experience. SHV Energy has LPG businesses in 27 countries on 3 continents across the globe. SHV Energy employs more than 15000 people, has a turnover of over € 8 billion and services LPG to millions of customers. SHV Energy is a part of SHV Holdings NV, a Fortune 500 Dutch company. The group having a diversified portfolio is present in 48 countries and employs 50,000 people across the globe.Since 1996 SHV India has invested in developing a strong infrastructure across the length and breadth of India and has established itself as a leading LPG player in the Industrial and Commercial segment with a pan India presence."
ArcelorMittal,3.9,(162 Reviews),Private,Boulevard D’Avranches + 22 more,17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ArcelorMittal is the world's leading steel and mining company, with a presence in more than 60 countries and an industrial footprint in 18 countries. Guided by a philosophy to produce safe, sustainable steel, we are the leading supplier of quality steel in the major global steel markets including automotive, construction, household appliances and packaging, with world-class research and development and outstanding distribution networks.

Through our core values of sustainability, quality and leadership, we operate responsibly with respect to the health, safety and wellbeing of our employees, contractors and the communities in which we operate.

For us, steel is the fabric of life, as it is at the heart of the modern world from railways to cars and washing machines. We are actively researching and producing steel-based technologies and solutions that make many of the products and components we use in our everyday lives more energy-efficient.

We are one of the world’s five largest producers of iron ore and metallurgical coal and our mining business is an essential part of our growth strategy. With a geographically diversified portfolio of iron ore and coal assets, we are strategically positioned to serve our network of steel plants and the external global market. 

In 2016, ArcelorMittal had revenues of $56.8 billion and crude steel production of 90.8 million tonnes, while own iron ore production reached 55.2 million tonnes. 
Through our core values of sustainability, quality and leadership, we operate responsibly with respect to the health, safety and wellbeing of our employees, contractors and the communities in which we operate.

For us, steel is the fabric of life, as it is at the heart of the modern world from railways to cars and washing machines. We are actively researching and producing steel-based technologies and solutions that make many of the products and components we use in our everyday lives more energy-efficient.

We are one of the world’s five largest producers of iron ore and metallurgical coal and our mining business is an essential part of our growth strategy. With a geographically diversified portfolio of iron ore and coal assets, we are strategically positioned to serve our network of steel plants and the external global market. 

In 2016, ArcelorMittal had revenues of $56.8 billion and crude steel production of 90.8 million tonnes, while own iron ore production reached 55.2 million tonnes."
Groz Engineering...,4.2,(162 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 14 more",47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are GROZ & We are addicted to excellence. We work with men & metal to engineer tools. We are young and we carry in us passion, desire & commitment to excel. As a technology leader we specialize in design, manufacture & marketing of a vast range of tools & equipment, Driven by a strong value system, state of the art manufacturing facilities & an enthusiastic team of men & women, we are focused to position Groz as a premier Global enterprise."
Fluentgrid,4.0,(162 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 23 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We have been on a long journey since 1998, transforming energy & water utilities and cities & communities to become more process-oriented, operations savvy, customer-centric and of course profitable.

All that knowledge and best practices are now embedded into our software products and services, our solution offerings and our implementation approach; that results in the seamless digital transformation of utilities and cities for a sustainable future."
Billabong High I...,3.9,(162 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 17 more",14 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Billabong High schools were created as a journey forward to fire the imagination of children. The continuing goal is to create meaningful and rewarding learning experiences that will remain with the children for life. The aim is to create a purpose of learning to allow children to be thinkers, innovators and problem solvers and to orchestrate experiences that will result in a natural and integrated development of knowledge, skills and thinking"
Essar Power,4.2,(162 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 14 more",26 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Essar Power is one of India’s largest private sector power producers with a capacity of almost 3,900 MW across six multi-fuel plants in three Indian states and one thermal power plant in Canada. Of this, the Company operates 2,400 MW as an Independent Power Producer (IPP) with plants in Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat. The remaining are Captive Power Plants (CPP) in Gujarat & Odisha. Essar Power has also invested in the transmission business and constructed a 465-km interstate transmission system which spans three Indian states.

Essar has invested about INR 32,000 crore in the power portfolio, which includes INR 12,000 crore of equity. The company aims to bring down leverage in its balance sheet from INR 20,000 crore currently to aboutINR 7,500 crore. The deleveraging efforts include the debt restructuring in the IPPs, which were affected by the cancellation of coal mines and unviable pricing of imported thermal coal. Essar Power is in discussions, which are now at an advanced stage, with its lenders to restructure all existing debts. This Company has put together a clear programme to address the challenges faced by the IPPs and is confident of overcoming them in the current year.

Power demand in India is increasing at a rate of 7% year-on-year and there are no new power generation capacities that are expected to be created in the near future. Essar Power, therefore, has an excellent opportunity to enter into new PPAs and utilise its entire generation capacity. The business is led by a strategy of stabilising existing operations, growing them and venturing into the renewable space."
Avis,3.9,(162 Reviews),Private,"Parsippany,New Jersey + 19 more",77 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Avis Car Rental and its subsidiaries operate one of the world's best-known car rental brands with approximately 5,500 locations in more than 165 countries. Avis has a long history of innovation in the car rental industry and is one of the world's top brands for customer loyalty. Avis is owned by Avis Budget Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: CAR), which operates and licenses the brand throughout the world.

Founded in 1946 by Warren Avis (who sold his interest in 1954), Avis was the first company to rent cars from airport locations. The company grew rapidly during the 1950's through franchised and corporate-owned expansion. In 1963, Avis introduced the award-winning ""We try harder®"" campaign and the tagline remains the company's rallying cry even today. Ten years later, Avis launched its innovative Wizard system, the company's proprietary reservation technology. Avis changed ownership multiple times in the 70's and 80's, becoming employee-owned in 1987. That same year, Avis introduced the Roving Rapid Return, a handheld computer terminal allowing customers to bypass the Avis counter. In 1996, HFS Incorporated acquired Avis, which was then spun off as a separate public company, all but the franchising rights, Wizard system, and reservation operations. In 2000, the company introduced Avis Interactive, the first Internet-based reporting system for commercial accounts in the car rental industry, which was significantly enhanced and re-launched in 2006. In March 2001, Cendant Corporation purchased all of the outstanding shares of Avis Group Holdings and later that year moved its world headquarters to Parsippany, NJ. In 2006, Cendant Corp. separated into four independent companies: Realogy, Wyndham Worldwide, Travelport and Avis Budget Group, Inc., which is now the parent company of Avis Car Rental. In 2011, Avis Budget Group acquires Avis Europe plc. The transaction re-unites Avis Budget Group with its licensee for Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia."
ATC Telecom Infr...,4.2,(162 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 31 more,19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Wireless technology connects people, devices and networks throughout the world. We help make that possible. Our multi-tenant leasing model offers communications sites that bridge the communication gap, keeping people and industries connected and in touch.

ATC India sites house cellular and microwave communication equipment. Our towers support the networks of almost all mobile service providers, helping them increase their coverage and capacity.

Where network connectivity is necessary and towers are not available, we provide a number of alternative in-building and outdoor solutions. We help keep people and businesses connected no matter where their activities take them.

The demand for mobile device connectivity is exploding and more sites will be necessary to keep people connected. We, at ATC India, have anticipated this need and are growing our portfolio so we can satisfy the needs of customers in India and abroad.

Our business is based upon long-term relationships—with our customers, property owners and investors. We are a company committed to developing shared success with our partners. We are grounded in the needs of today but are always looking forward and planning for the needs of tomorrow.

Integrity and accountability are important to us; we wouldn’t conduct business without them and it’s why they are part of our Core Principles. We value our assets, the communities we operate in and our people. Educating and training our employees to operate in a safe and compliant manner is a top priority. We respect our natural resources and promote environmentally conscious business strategies."
Sequel Logistics,4.0,(162 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 31 more",19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sequel Logistics is a Supply Chain Management company, specialised in providing comprehensive solutions & services in the 'Critical Logistics'​ segments. Sequel owns and manages a global logistics network, that is robust, secure, technology driven, and designed to specifically manage the supply chain of valuable and life-science consignments. SEQUEL SECURE : As a leader in the 'Secure Logistics'​ segment, Sequel is engaged in managing the supply chain of major stakeholders that includes the mines, refiners, banks, bullion traders, jewellery manufacturers, diamond merchants, jewellery retailers, metal exchange trading platforms and e-commerce companies. As an RJC (Responsible Jewellery Council) certified member, the focus is as much on compliance & transparency, as it is on effective risk management & operational efficiency. The trust earned over the last 15 years, reflects in the critical on-going projects that are managed by Sequel for various government institutions and international & domestic banks. SEQUEL LIFECARE : Sequel LifeCare focuses on temperature controlled and time-critical lifescience related consignments. This includes domestic & international movement of temperature controlled pharmaceuticals, clinical trials, biologicals and DG products. With a wide network of branches, DGR trained staff and premium shipper box solutions (Credo), Sequel undertakes the entire spectrum of life science logistics projects, across the globe. Being an exclusive logistics partner for the W.H.O sponsored NACO project, is a testimony and recognition of Sequel's capability to manage large-scale, complex and sensitive supply chains. 2018 AWARDS : - Dun & Bradstreet's SME EXCELLENCE AWARD 2018 for BEST LOGISTICS COMPANY in INDIA - MULTI-COMMODITY EXCHANGE AWARD 2018 for BEST COMMODITY VAULTING PARTNER (VALUABLES) CERTIFICATIONS : - Certified Member OF RJC - ISO 39001, Audited & Certified by DNV for High Value Transportation - IATA Certified"
DISYS,3.3,(162 Reviews),Private,"McLean,Virginia + 9 more",29 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Digital Intelligence Systems, LLC (DISYS) is a global staffing, IT consulting & managed services firm with more than 33 offices worldwide. Within these offices, DISYS employs industry problem solvers who have the expertise to understand industry staffing issues but also possess the knowledge to locate inefficiencies, design and implement game-changing automation and other IT service offerings. Whether it is bridging or replacing legacy systems, moving an enterprise to the cloud, creating automated technology to streamline compliance or turning raw data into actionable information, DISYS is dedicated to enabling its clients to work smarter and more efficiently even in the smallest, most mundane of business tasks.

For nearly 25 years, DISYS has served global industries such as information technology, banking, financial services, insurance, healthcare and life sciences and a multitude of government, retail, manufacturing and transportation clients. Within these industries, DISYS has imagined, designed and implemented technologies that solve IT problems that prohibit growth and impact an organization’s bottom line.

Incorporated in 1994, DISYS continually builds on the strategic vision of its CEO and Founder, Mahfuz Ahmed. His disciplined approach is firmly planted in the strategic study of data-driven analytics and business planning."
Tablets (India),3.9,(162 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 29 more",85 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Tablets India is the Flagship Company of the closely held JHAVER GROUP, but fully managed by a team of highly accomplished professionals across various functions in the organisation.

The Company operates through five Business Divisions namely, Domestic Health Care formulations business (through 3 divisions), the Tilcare Division, Animal Health Division (TIL Biosciences), and the Overseas Division catering to International markets."
The Professional...,3.8,(162 Reviews),Private,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 42 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With the rapid strides in technology and telecommunication, the world has shrunk to such an extent that what was unheard of or incommunicado has become possible. However technological advancements without effective backing ends, infrastructure, leave a wide gap in effective communication.

Incepted in the year 1987 with a sole mission of catering effective written messages, documents and cargo ""The Professional Couriers” (TPC) have reached the pinnacle of being a truly professional courier company, having today the infrastructure for bulk cargo both nationally and internationally, with a strong work force and a network of offices spread globally.

TPC have come a long way in providing total solutions for a broad spectrum from individuals to leading Public Sector Undertakings, Government Bodies, Corporates, MNCs, Educational and Financial Institutions .

The real attribute to the success of TPC is its willingness to upgrade the systems with changing times and also to incorporate fresh and innovative ideas to make its presence felt.

At Professional the sophisticated Hub-and-spoke system with ware housing and storage facilities, modern communication network and large fleet of transportation vehicles backed by dedicated team of professionals truly proves that their claim “We care…. for your valuables” is the quintessence of their business philosophy."
Mayoor School,4.7,(162 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 5 more",20 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Mayoor School, Noida was established in the year 2003 under the aegis of Mayo College General Council Ajmer. In these seventeen years, the school has grown in strength and blossomed from a fledgling to a bird, ready to soar to newer heights. The school building is infused with life echoing with children’s excitement and enthusiasm.The splendid school campus is spread over more than 10 acres and houses the Academic Blocks, the Administrative Block, the Amphitheatre and huge playgrounds for Football, Cricket, Horse Riding and Skating besides Tennis, Basketball and Volleyball Courts. Mayoor has an exclusive Sports Complex encampassing an indoor Swimming Pool, Shooting Range, Squash, Badminton and Aerobics. A Rock Climbing Wall has been erected to inculcate the spirit of adventure in Mayoorians"
Qualitest,3.9,(162 Reviews),Private,"Bridgewater,New Jersey + 6 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Defective software can result in lost clients and users, fallen business processes, revenue impacts, security breaches or regulation violation. These risks grow as organizations increase their dependency on software.

To mitigate these risks, testing and QA have become an essential part of the success of every software project. Unfortunately most  testing and QA miss the critical business context,  and  instead  just  focus on  the  obvious  technical  risks.  This approach does not take into account the bigger picture and does not look at the interrelationship between software testing and business risks."
SpeedLabs,3.6,(162 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 13 more",8 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"SpeedLabs is a pioneer in Hybrid Education with full stack tech platform and hybrid classroom teaching. It offers Test-prep courses for competitive exams such as JEE main and advanced, ICSE, HSC and CBSE board, IB, MYP, IGCSE, etc. The Adaptive Practice platform is being used by more than 2000 teachers and coachings across 200 cities in India and more than 100,000 students."
Trelleborg,4.2,(162 Reviews),Private,"Trelleborg,Baden-Württemberg + 4 more",71 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Trelleborg Sealing Solutions is a global developer, manufacturer and supplier of precision seals, bearings and molded components. Our comprehensive sealing portfolio of elastomer, silicone, thermoplastic, PTFE and composite technologies includes aircraft seals, engineered seals and gaskets, hydraulic piston and rod seals, scrapers/wipers and wear rings, liquid silicone rubber (LSR) parts, mechanical face seals, O-Rings, pneumatic seals, rotary seals, silicone tubing and hose and static seals."
Unibic Foods,4.3,(162 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 29 more,19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Unibic, came to India in 2004 with the iconic Anzac and Bradman cookies. Over the years, Unibic has grown its range to over 30 variants and has been regularly introducing fresh & unique flavours to cookie connoisseurs around the world.

Headquartered in Bangalore, Unibic is known for its rich and flavoursome cookies that take a bite of the premium cookie market.

Powered by a team of over 800 motivated individuals, Unibic is proud to have top management that comprises industry veterans who bring domain knowledge and the acumen of investors from Peepul Capital.

Peepul Capital has been part of the growth journey of more than forty companies across diverse sectors over the last 15 years. Peepul Capital combines the strength of the local investment team with a global reach and focus. The relationships of the team have played a significant role in identifying and sourcing opportunities across various life cycle stages."
Creative Hands H...,3.8,(162 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 35 more,11 years old,51-200 Employees (Global),"Creative Hands HR Consultancy is Start up firm, formed by young and dynamic entrepreneurs having experience and knowledge in US Financial Market recruiting.

We are one among the few firms equipped to provide a comprehensive end-to-end HR service platform to our clients. Given the high cost, legal complexity and administrative burden associated with temporary staffing and other HR functions in India, corporations are increasingly seeking to outsource these functions. Flawless client servicing is our motto.

Our qualified and brilliantly experienced team helps us understand the core needs of our clients and meet them in the best possible manner. They are trained to become specialized consultants lending expertise in all HR related domains to help design and implement selection/assessment processes, where required to enhance client's recruitment and selection tasks.Through our best-in-class operational, technological and statutory compliance infrastructure, we are uniquely positioned to fulfill this goal."
Oil India,4.4,(161 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 22 more",64 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Oil India Limited (OIL) is the second largest hydrocarbon exploration and production Indian public sector company with its operational headquarters in Duliajan, Assam, India under the administrative control of the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas. The company is a state-owned Navratna with its corporate offices in Noida in the New Delhi-NCR region. OIL is engaged in the business of exploration, development and production of crude oil and natural gas, transportation of crude oil and production of liquid petroleum gas. The company's history spans the discovery of crude oil in the far east of India at Digboi, Assam in 1889 to its present status as a fully integrated upstream petroleum company."
NetTantra Techno...,4.8,(161 Reviews),Private,"Santa Clara,California",14 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"NetTantra Technologies is a premier technology consulting firm with deep expertise in domains of Blockchain, Information Technology and Cloud Computing.With a proven track record of having worked with high-end clients from across the globe, NetTantra specialises in providing highly scalable web, mobile and cloud based solutions in diverse sectors - from manufacturing and hospitality to education, analytics and health, among others.Introducing an agile approach to problem solving and product development, the core team at NetTantra Technologies is comprised of engineers, scientists, researchers and analysts from diverse domains of technology."
e-Zest,4.1,(161 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"e-Zest is an agile digital technology innovation partner for the Fortune 500 Enterprises, ISVs and Social Impact Organizations helping them adopt technologies to improve their processes, optimize their profitability and amplify end-user experience. With over 21 years in the IT industry, a 1000+ strong team based globally, e-Zest has transformed the business for more than 400 clients over the years.

With Digital at heart the company focuses on 5 key areas namely Data Engineering (Big data/Analytics / AI &ML/Blockchain), Product Engineering, Digital Commerce, Operations and Design led Customer Experience with an additional focus on key partnerships such as Snowflake, Microsoft (MS Centre of excellence encompasses of over 10 reigning MVP’s that form a part of the core team), etc. We believe that success and innovation happen with a steadfast focus on learning, partnership and outcomes. With our unique combination of an innovative mindset, agile methodology and an exposure to various organizations types and plethora of technologies, we help our customers create transformative and disruptive outcomes.

We strive to go beyond the traditional definition of teamwork. What we strive for is creating team alchemy. An alchemy catalyzed we are a technology multiplier naturally excited about new and emerging technologies. We combine the discipline needed for enterprise level applications with the agility and innovation to help organizations explore and create their “Next”."
Sales India,3.9,(161 Reviews),Private,Ahmedabad + 52 more,52 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sales India, the nation’s leading Appliance and Electronics Retail Giant, with nine ultra modern super stores in Ahmedabad and a few more to open shortly at strategic locations, offers consumers a wide variety of name-brand consumer electronics, personal computers, appliances, home theatre, digital imaging equipments and communication products.

Just as our products and services are an integral part of who we are, so are our employees and the customers we serve. Understanding our customers and their needs enhances satisfaction and enriches employee experience throughout the company - in retail, corporate and service locations."
US Tech Solution...,4.0,(161 Reviews),Private,"New Jersey,New Jersey + 8 more",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Our Talent Your Results - This is the premise behind US Tech Solutions. Our flexible engagement model offers right-fit talent on-demand - when, where and how you need it, so you can achieve your business objectives. We offer contingent, contract-to-hire or direct staffing services. At USTECH, we understand how critical talent is to every organization, as well as how the world of work and the workplace is changing. We offer the most effective means to help you acquire, manage and optimize talent. QUICK FACTS: 3,600+ Active Employees 40+ Global Locations 150+ Clients USTECH was founded in 2000 by Manoj Agarwal. Today, we are a global firm offering talent solutions to 150 customers including 20% of Fortune 500 across Financial Services, Healthcare, Life Sciences, Aerospace, Energy, Retail, Telecom, Technology, Manufacturing, and Engineering. We are headquartered in New Jersey with 40 global locations across the USA, Canada, Europe, and India. To learn more about how US Tech Solutions can help your business be more productive, try before it buys, decrease costs, and increase flexibility, visit our website: www.ustechsolutions.com or email us at info@ustechsolutions.com Awards: Staffing Industry Analyst – ‘Largest Staffing Firms’ in the U.S., 2017, 2016 Staffing Industry Analyst – ‘Fastest growing staffing Firm’, 2017 Staffing Industry Analyst ‘Largest Diversity Firm Award’ KellyOCG Supplier Excellence Award 2016, 2015, 2013, 2012 Deloitte ‘Technology Fast 500’, North America – 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 Diversity Business ‘Top U.S. Business’ (multiple awards) INC 500 ‘Fasting Growing Firm’ in North America (multiple awards) TAPFIN 100 – ‘Top Diversity Supplier’ Randstad Sourceright Premier Partner – ‘Top 20 Supplier’ across all Randstad MSP Programs Volt Consulting Group ‘Supplier of the Year’ (multiple labor categories)"
Mobile Programmi...,3.2,(161 Reviews),LLC,Los Angeles + 10 more,22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Mobile programming LLC was started with the mission to provide “Economic as well as Efficient” software solutions. We firmly believe in the credibility and scalability of Digital Transformation. Our services are focused on Mobility Solutions, Custom App Development, Cloud Solutions, IoT, AR/VR, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics & Big Data Solutions, and several other trending as well as emerging technologies. At its core, Mobile programming is all about developing solutions which help clients accelerate their business processes, achieve optimum productivity, and mitigate risks."
Cameo Corporate ...,3.5,(161 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 12 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Cameo Corporate Services Limited is a Business Process Outsourcing firm headquartered in Chennai, India. Established in the early 90s, Cameo’s principal lines of business are Transaction Processing, Document and Data Management, Medical Transcription, Registry and Share Transfer Services and ePublishing Services. Cameo has a pan India presence with operating hubs in Chennai, Mumbai, New Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Coimbatore, besides having an operating presence in Africa, through its joint venture, Cameo Techedge Services DRC. In its transaction processing vertical, Cameo serves primarily the BFSI and Telecom sectors, for whom it processes and truncates cheques, processes applications and does KYC audits, besides ensuring post disbursement document compliance. Cameo also processes documents for both electronic and physical custody, and is amongst the large document management firms in India. Cameo has a robust medical transcription business, now in its 20th year, serving some of the largest MTSOs in the world, while its e-publishing division does pre-press and conversion work for several prestigious publishing houses around the world."
Sj Contracts,4.3,(161 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 1 more",33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"SJ Contracts is a construction company based in Pune with over two decades of comprehensive experience in industrial, commercial and residential projects. We believe in making people’s lives easier. We do this by providing quality construction services to help clients on their path towards building landmark structures."
ICICI Foundation...,4.1,(161 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 44 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"For over five decades, the ICICI Group has partnered India in its economic growth and development. Promoting inclusive growth has been a priority area for the Group from both a social and business perspective. We strive to make a difference to our customers, to the society and to the nation’s development directly through our products and services, as well as through our development initiatives and community outreach."
Vulcan Express,4.2,(161 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 38 more,10 years old,1-10 Employees (India),"Vulcan Express Private Limited is a logistics firm that offers end-to-end logistics and supply chain solutions for retail companies with greater focus on highly dynamic and rapidly growing ecommerce industry in India. We offer a range of services including Pickup, Consolidation and Fulfilment Operations, Warehousing Solutions, Intercity Movement, and Last Mile Delivery services.  Vulcan Express Private Limited is a company run by the industry experts and veterans of the logistics and e-commerce industry. The team has more than 100+ years of collective experience in the logistics industry and prides itself in offering our Logistics and Ecommerce expertise for Expedited Pickup and Delivery for elated experience at economic price.  We engage as the Extended Logistics branch, taking complete ownership for our delighted clients and work towards bringing down the total cost of ownership for our clients through highly efficient supply chain management aided by high end technology. Our team is fully committed to work for our clients with passion, dedication, focus and integrity to meet the ever changing demands of our customers."
Lalitha Jeweller...,4.0,(161 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 22 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Welcome to Lalithaa Jewellery, South India’s largest jewellery chain. Founded in 1983, the journey over the years has been inspiring and has garnered the trust of innumerable customers. Lalithaa Jewellery draws inspiration from the fact that customers are empowered to make educated decisions when it comes to buying something that has a sentimental value; namely gold. The novel initiative of ‘click and compare’ which gives customers the choice of clicking the picture of their dream jewel on their mobile to check for the best price across different showrooms is a game changer in the jewellery trade.Headed by Dr.M.Kiran Kumar, a dynamic personality with a vision to change the face of jewellery trade in the country, Lalithaa Jewellery today runs eighteen large format showrooms across South India including one of the world’s largest showrooms measuring 130000 sq.ft. located in Hyderabad. His vision to bring in transparency in gold pricing thereby negating the need to bargain has been a laudable effort. Having gone through the hardships in life at a very young age, he is very sensitive and respects the value of every rupee of the hard earned money that customers spend on jewellery. One of the high points of his illustrious career has been to innovatively bring down the wastage charges of jewellery, making gold that much more affordable for buyers. Lalithaa Jewellery in fact offers the lowest wastage charges in India.A pioneer of sorts, Lalithaa Jewellery has several firsts to its credit. The company was among the first to introduce Hallmarking of jewels to establish the authenticity of gold used; was the first to waive making charges on jewels; and is the only company to offer Gold jewels at manufacturing prices for the lowest V.A.Charges in the market."
Ordnance Factory,4.5,(161 Reviews),Other,Kolkata + 22 more,248 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (Global),"The Indian Ordnance Factories organisation - a family of 41 Ordnance Factories under the aegis of its corporate headquarters Ordnance Factory Board, Kolkata - possesses the unique distinction of over 200 years experience in defence production. We are engaged in production, testing, logistics, research, development and marketing of a comprehensive product range in the area of land, sea and air systems.

The patronage we receive both in India and abroad speaks of our quality of products and services. Undoubtedly, we are the force behind armed forces.

Indian Ordnance Factories is the oldest and largest industrial setup which functions under the Department of Defence Production of the Ministry of Defence. The ordnance factories form an integrated base for indigenous production of defence hardware and equipment, with the primary objective of self reliance in equipping the armed forces with state of the art battlefield equipments."
Brinton Pharmace...,4.0,(161 Reviews),"Pune,Maharashtra + 22 more",9 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Brinton is one of the fastest growing Pharmaceutical Companies spreading its network worldwide.

We support people’s aspiration to ""Live better and live longer""​ by aiming to deliver safe, economical and innovative medical solutions to meet the demands of people throughout their lifetime while serving healthcare professionals around the world.

Brinton has a rich and ever-evolving portfolio, state-of-the-art resources in R&D, manufacturing, marketing and sales that assure to deliver value to its customers satisfy unmet medical needs and improve their lives.

Today, we have a global presence with highly dedicated and talented employees who diligently work towards improving our product offerings through constant research, development, innovations also enhance reach with eminent marketing and sales capabilities."
Metrochem Api,3.5,(161 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 4 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Metrochem API Pvt Ltd was established by Dr. N.V. Rao in the year 2004, with a grand vision of being the “most preferred supply partner to pharmaceutical customers worldwide”. The management aimed to achieve this vision with a clear focus on quality, affordability, and products at Metrochem API Private Limited one of the fastest-growing manufacturers of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), Pellets (Semi-finished Formulations), and Intermediates.

Our strong commitment to providing quality products is boosted by in-depth industry knowledge, a well-qualified team of professionals, as well as hi-tech and advanced infrastructure and as a result, creating mutually beneficial associations for all the parties involved.

Our manufacturing facilities are approved by several international regulatory bodies such as ISO 9001-2015, USFDA, WHO: GMP, Cofepris, and Japanese Accredited, inspected by KFDA authorities, and awaiting certification and moving towards USFDA, EU GMP, MHRA & TGA in 2019. Adapting quickly to the ever-evolving demands, we have emerged as one of the fastest-growing organizations in the pharmaceutical industry across India. 

To cater to our customers' high volume requirements, we have dedicated each of our 6 manufacturing facilities to our 3 core product groups – APIs, Pelletization & Intermediates – reinforced by a well-equipped, centralized Research & Development laboratory."
Shopclues,4.1,(161 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 5 more",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ShopClues.com is India’s first online Managed Marketplace that connects buyers and sellers online and offers a trusted and safe online shopping environment. With our customer centric approach we provide the best online shopping experience to our customers – starting from the best selection, great technology, perfect fulfillment and ending with the best customer service you have ever experienced.

Our rigorous merchant approval process ensures that our buyers can be assured on all aspects of product purchase, be it authenticity, quality or the price. Our merchants typically are successful retailers who have earned credibility and customer loyalty through years of excellence in building customer experience in the offline environment. So as a buyer you can be confident that you are buying the best from the best. ShopClues brings the best from all India together on one platform.

Our merchants enjoy the benefit of our superior technology, large reach, robust fulfillment processes, reliable payment facility and unmatched marketing expertise. This allows them to focus on what they do the best, bringing the best products to the customer at the best price. We not only help our merchants reach to a larger market on a reliable platform but also to increase business multifold within the online space. This is done through a host of business management tools, effective marketing, decision enabling analytics and last but not the least, our buyer centric approach which ultimately leads to long term loyalty.

You may be a buyer or a seller but there is one thing in common that ShopClues promises both. Unmatched online experience no matter which side of the transaction you are. Welcome to the marketplace!"
Eugia Pharma Spe...,4.1,(161 Reviews),Hyderabad/Secunderabad + 3 more,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
BCG,4.0,(161 Reviews),Private,"Boston,Massachusetts + 6 more",60 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Boston Consulting Group partners with leaders in business and society to tackle their most important challenges and capture their greatest opportunities. BCG was the pioneer in business strategy when it was founded in 1963. 

To succeed, organizations must blend digital and human capabilities. BCG’s diverse, global teams bring deep industry and functional expertise and a range of perspectives to spark change through leading-edge management consulting as well as data science, technology and design, digital ventures, and business purpose. We work in a uniquely collaborative model across the firm and throughout all levels of the client organization to deliver results that help our clients thrive."
DSM Infocom,2.4,(161 Reviews),Private,Heerlen + 32 more,19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"DSM Infocom Pvt. Ltd. formed in Year 2004, is a Privately held Limited Liability Company.We are authorized partners which include Cisco, Tyco, HP, Posiflex, Eaton, Airtel, Lenovo, Wipro, Dlink & Tally. We have Service Contracts with over 85 Clients across India and strategic partners include global majors such as HP, IBM, Wipro, Diebold, NCR, TCS, Bharti, TCBIL etc. 99% customers renew relationship every year.We have team of over 2000 certified engineers with presence in 459 cities/ 28 states across India. We also have presence in 78 CountriesWe have 24/7 NOC in Mumbai with 98% SLA achievement for daily call volume handling of over 1100.Our service portfolio includes Network Infrastructure Installation & Management, ATM Maintenance Services, System Integration, Project Management, Facility Management Services, BPO services & Applications."
Carnival Cinemas,3.7,(161 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 50 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Carnival Cinemas is one of the hottest Entertainment destinations for people from all walks of life, across a wide age group and user profile. The group aims to become one of the largest players in the industry and to give a quality movie watching experience to the people in tire two and three cities.Carnival endeavors to bring new entertainment technology for the customers in India. We believe that our brand Carnival is one of the most recognizable film expedition's brands in the areas where we operate.With a planned tie-up with an international firm from Hollywood in Los Angeles, Carnival Cinemas would bring latest technology available in the world. Carnival group with its own chain of food court and recreation facilities is aiming at wholesome family entertainment zones in most of the places where it sets up multiplexes."
Bangalore Intern...,4.3,(161 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 8 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Kempegowda International Airport (IATA: BLR, ICAO: VOBL) is an international airport serving Bangalore, the capital of the Indian state of Karnataka. Spread over 4,000 acres (1,600 ha), it is located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of the city near the village of Devanahalli. It is owned and operated by Bengaluru International Airport Limited (BIAL), a public–private consortium. The airport opened in May 2008 as an alternative to increased congestion at HAL Airport, the original primary commercial airport serving the city. It is named after Kempe Gowda I, the founder of Bangalore. Kempegowda International Airport became Karnataka's first fully solar powered airport developed by CleanMax Solar."
Toyota Tsusho,4.2,(1.6k Reviews),Public,"Nagoya,Aichi + 15 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Toyota Tsusho Corp, Japan (“TTC”) was established in 1936 for the purpose of financing sales of Toyota Vehicles. In 1945, TTC moved towards becoming a trading company within the Toyota Group under Global Net Work. TTIPL was established in 1999 as Joint venture unit of TTC, Japan and KSL. TTIPL set up operation in Bangalore as part of Global Toyota plan of implementing its Project. TTIPL acts as Steel processing and integrated Logistics Service provider besides dealings of various materials with regard to import and export for TKM and its Parts suppliers."
Al-Futtaim Group,3.9,(626 Reviews),Private,"Dubai,Dubai + 12 more",93 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in the 1930s as a trading business, Al-Futtaim is one of the most progressive regional business houses headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Al-Futtaim employs in excess of 42,000 people and operates in 29 countries through more than 200 companies.

The group has significantly expanded its business operations through a strategic acquisition plan and has entered a number of new territories, increasing its footprint beyond the GCC and Greater Middle East to encompass, Asia and East Africa. Structured into four operational divisions; automotive, financial services, real estate and retail, the success of Al-Futtaim is attributed to proactively managing change whilst upholding the values of integrity, service and social responsibility. The majority of businesses, built on a portfolio of world-leading brands, dominate their sector."
SAR Group,4.1,(163 Reviews),Gurugram + 20 more,35 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"A CONGLOMERATE WITH MULTIPLE LINES OF BUSINESSES
SAR Group, progenitor of brand Luminous is a leading global company delivering high quality power products for home and commercial applications.

After the resounding success of Luminous, in 2011 Mr Rakesh Malhotra, who has nurtured the brand for over 24 years, divested 74% of his holding in Luminous Power Technologies to French electrical and power management major, Schneider Electric.

The company’s group portfolio comprises purity, health and wellness, energy storage, home electricals, renewable energy, power backup and power storage, renewable and alternate energy solutions like biomass pellets and solar, respectively.

Founded in 1988, the group has revenues exceeding US $ 500 million in FY 14-15 and has grown in strength year-after-year to 4000 employees. The group, apart from its dominating position in the domestic market has spread its magic globally"
Atibir Industrie...,3.6,(160 Reviews),Private,"Giridih,Jharkhand + 9 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),The group of Industries under “SRIBIR” umbrella manages a portfolio of Iron and Steel with it’s popularly known brand of “SRIBIR” TMT bars in the state of Jharkhand and Bihar. Today the group employs more than 900 committed employees on rolls for it’s upcoming 0.6 MT Integrated steel which is poised to be commissioned during 2017-18 at Giridih.
QA InfoTech,3.4,(160 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 3 more",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At QA InfoTech (a CMMi Level III and ISO 9001: 2015, ISO 20000-1:2011, ISO 27001:2013 certified company), we specialize in providing independent offshore software testing and unbiased software quality assurance services to product companies, ranging from the Fortune 500s to start-up companies. We are one of the reputed outsourced QA testing vendors with years of expertise helping clients across the globe. We have been ranked amongst the 100 Best Companies to work for in 2010 and 2011 & 50 Best Companies to work for in 2012 , Top 50 Best IT & IT-BMP organizations to work for in India in 2014, Best Companies to work for in IT & ITeS 2016 and a certified Great Place to Work in 2017-18. These are studies conducted by the Great Place to Work® Institute.Established in 2003, with less than five testing experts, QA InfoTech has grown leaps and bounds with three QA Centers of Excellence globally, two of which are located in the hub of IT activity in India, Noida, and the other, our affiliate QA InfoTech Inc., in Michigan, USA."
GSPANN Technolog...,4.1,(160 Reviews),Private,"Milpitas,California + 4 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GSPANN is a US California Bay Area based consulting services provider focused on implementations in the Enterprise Content Management, Business Intelligence & Mobile Solutioning initiatives. More than 90% of our current clientele are FORTUNE 1000 organizations. We specialize in strategy, architecture, delivery and support of solutions in the ECM, Enterprise and Marketing Analytics, Big Data and Mobility space."
TMEIC,3.9,(160 Reviews),Private,Tokyo + 5 more,20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"TMEIC (Toshiba Mitsubishi-Electric Industrial Systems Corporation) headquartered in Roanoke, VA, designs, develops and engineers advanced automation systems, large AC and DC motors, photovoltaic inverters and variable frequency drives. TMEIC specializes in metals, material handling, oil & gas, renewable energy, mining, testing and other industrial markets worldwide. We drive industry. Visit www.tmeic.com to learn more."
Emami Paper Mill...,4.3,(160 Reviews),Public,Kolkata + 2 more,41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Emami Paper Mills Limited, part of the Emami Group of Industries has paper mills located at Balasore (Odisha) and Dakshineswar (W.B., Kolkata), is one of the most environment friendly paper mills in Eastern India.The company is largest newsprint manufacturer of India with 1,50,000 tpa capacity and produces best quality newsprint at par with the quality of imported ones.The other line of business of the company is 2,00,000 tpa capacity consumer packaging board of recycle grade as well as that of virgin grade.Company’s diversification into paperboard segment is now most discussed success story in the paper industry because of the tremendous performance of its board machine, appreciated market acceptance of the company’s paperboard. Its paperboard has also a good reputation in export market and about 10%-15% of its recycle grade paperboard is exported to overseas market.The turnaround in the global paper scenario in the current year, brings good fortunes and prospects for the company in coming years."
Sanjeev Auto Par...,4.3,(160 Reviews),Private,"Aurangabad,Maharashtra",35 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Sanjeev Group is renowned for manufacturing Quality components and assemblies for motion control applications. We are focused on implementing latest technologies for manufacturing with continual improvement of Quality, Productivity, and Customer satisfaction. Our core values Passion, Innovation, Transparency, Challenge & Honesty “PITCH” are ingrained in the Sanjeev’s culture.Our Product portfolio caters to a variety of applications like Automotive two, three and four wheelers, commercial vehicles, Farm equipments, off road & Industrial Equipment. Precisely gears, shafts, Shifter forks, Sub – assemblies & precision components. Located at Granollers, Spain & Aurangabad, India –catering to the different sector & segments of the industries offering expertise in the field of plant structures for manufacturing parts. Sanjeev Group’s technology strength constitutes a strategic mix of in-house Research & Development and the expertise in its quality delivered to customers. We are “IATF 16949” & “OHSAS 18001” certified company. Our manufacturing hub enables us to provide best-in-class services to our customers. We assure high-quality products at competitive price amongst all auto components manufacturing industries. While building a high-performance organization at Sanjeev Group, we also believe in our responsibility towards the society that has helped shape us. Over the last few years, we have helped create Irrigation Facilities in Koradi Village, given Donations to Hedgewar Hospital, and organized Annual Blood Donation camps with Dattaji Bhale Blood Bank."
Flash Viven Mach...,3.9,(160 Reviews),Private,New Delhi,10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"FLASH GROUP is a preferred partner for many Automotive OEMs around the world. FLASH has 6 manufacturing plants across India, Germany & Hungary and is driven by a strong team of 2500+ individuals. 

At it’s inception, Flash started out with the commercial production of AC Flashers. Subsequently over the last 3 decades more than 150 products like - Regulators, Capacitor Discharge Units, Magnetos, Alternators, Starter Motors, Wiper Motors, Ignition Coils, E.M.I Suppressors, Spark Plug Caps, Linear Actuators, Thermostats, Sensors, Throttle Bodies, Brushless DC Motors and E- mobility products were added to our portfolio.

In 2016 & 2018 respectively, FLASH set up highly advanced automated Machining and Forging plants. We were motivated and supported by our clients to establish these Strategic Business Units (SBUs). Today these SBUs are our biggest validations for the continuous value we have been able to create for our customers. Our plants are state-of-the-art and have set new benchmarks in the industry.

At Flash, our core competency is manufacturing of cutting-edge electronic and electrical auto components. Our first 3 plants located in Chakan Industrial Area in Pune(India), have capabilities to match international standards in regards to forging, machining, manufacturing and quality control with the best names in the industry. At present, we manufacture components for 2 , 3 and 4 wheeler categories."
Indus Net Techno...,3.7,(160 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 2 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Indus Net Technologies is an innovative IT Service, managed offshore outsourcing & digital strategy company, with the unique combination of Creativity and Technology. Headquartered in India, we have offices in more than 5 global locations and caters to a wide range of enterprise clients, digital agencies and emerging companies across various industry verticals like BFSI, MPE, Travel & hospitality, Education, e-Governance etc. in more than 40 countries."
Ivy Hospital,3.7,(160 Reviews),Private,"Mohali,Punjab + 10 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Ivy Healthcare Group was set up as a consequence of Mr Gurtej Singh and his wife Dr Kanwaldeep’s courage, coupled with their ambitious plans and innovative ideas to make quality healthcare services accessible and affordable. An initiative that has changed the healthcare landscape of the region. They have been successful in creating a viable business model along with making healthcare more accessible and affordable. The Ivy Healthcare Group stands testimony to one of the best patient-care facilities in Punjab. Ivy hospitals, where compassion rules over commercialism, quality healthcare treatments are provided using state-of-art equipment - at affordable rates, stand tall as one of the most sought–after and reliable healthcare institute of North India.With a team of highly qualified and experienced doctors, from premier institutes of the country, many complex cases and surgeries are performed across the seven facilities in the group. All facilities are NABH compliant and most hospitals are NABH accredited - which is the highest standard quality accreditation for hospitals in India. The flagship hospital in Mohali was set up in 2007 with a promise to provide ethical treatment to all and take quality healthcare services to the doorstep of people from all sections of the society. The group currently provides treatment to over 200,000 patients annually and has close to 1100 beds and over 25 super-specialities across its seven facilities.The promoter’s unwillingness to conform to societal standards of a “secure” professional life and their faith in the Almighty has been a source of strength to drive them along with all challenges they encountered in order to pursue their passion of providing quality care services to people across all socio-economic strata. Their compassion towards the society and the feeling to pay it forward along with a strong entrepreneurial zeal led to the inception of their first hospital and there has been no looking back for this dynamic visionary duo, since.As healthcare is a rapidly changing sector, The promoters have invested a lot in quality controls, technological advancements and hosting many continuing medical education programs for doctors and staff, in order to encourage them to stay in touch with latest treatments and techniques.Opposed to aimless expansion, they prefer to plan diversification and branching based on effectiveness. They are driven by a sole mission- to provide honest and affordable healthcare services to all. With this objective in mind, they have already taken steps to take world-class healthcare to the doorstep of the population in Tier 2/3 cities of North India, such as Nawashaher, Khanna and Hoshiarpur - where Ivy Hospital is the only hospital providing multi-super speciality care under one roof.Dr Kanwaldeep and Mr Gurtej strongly feel that healthcare is not and should not be treated as a commodity or business, it has to be a mission. The nobility of this profession has to be retained and healthcare has to be ethical, affordable and transparent and they are committed to maintaining that at the Ivy Healthcare Group, by all means."
Sri Gopikrishna ...,4.0,(160 Reviews),"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 22 more",16 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"Sri Gopikrishna Infrastructure Private Limited provides construction services. The Company develops and cosntructs power, telecom, and properties. Sri Gopikrishna Infrastructure serves customers in India."
Prabhat Dairy,3.9,(160 Reviews),Public,Rahata + 19 more,25 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are a company that is dedicated to adding goodness in everyday lives of our consumers. It is our belief that we are not associates to businesses we link ourselves with, but committed partners in progress. We began our journey in 1998 with the vision to be a highly respectable company that stands firm on its pillars of trust, integrity, quality and innovation. Since then, we have flourished as a successful brand for milk and dairy products. What helped us achieve this success are our innovative thinking, and a workplace behaviour that fosters a constant need to achieve quality and efficiency. 

This is how we as a company have formed a truthful bond with both our end consumers and several established businesses. We constantly strive to make sure that our standards are never compromised, which is why everything we do and produce here at Prabhat Dairy is of the highest quality. It is this ethic that contributes to our ideals of trust and integrity towards whomever we partner with. In order to uphold our standards, we remain updated with our market knowledge and latest innovations, which help us deliver on the evolving consumer expectations. The result of these efforts is the continued delight of our end-customers"
Meenakshi Polyme...,3.8,(160 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 16 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Meenakshi Polymers Pvt. Ltd. (MPPL) was established in 1989 by Mr. Sanjeev Soni (Managing Director) with a vision to manufacture high quality Poly Urethane (PU) foam and creating a niche for itself in the foam industry. It has been a long journey where every step has been towards improving our standards and continued customers’ satisfaction. Today MPPL holds a place of pride in the Automotive Seating, Furniture Seating, Heavy Vehicle Seating and is now making a foray in the Bedding and Mattress Industry."
Micromatic Machi...,4.6,(160 Reviews),Public,Bengaluru + 25 more,50 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Micromatic Machine Tools is the sole Marketing and Service wing of Ace Micromatic group, India’s Largest Machine tool conglomerate, with over 55,000 + CNC machine installations in India and around the world.

Micromatic Machine Tools (MMT) is an ISO 9001:2015 certified company with eight Technology Centers and 60+ offices across the globe. MMT has also set up offices in China, Germany & Switzerland for overseas marketing.

With total staff strength of 700+ people, we endeavor to be a “Total Solutions” hub providing a One Stop Solution to our entire customer’s machining needs. Through our extensive network we offer Sales support, Service support, AMC, Application Engineering, Pre order trials, training, shop floor essentials and more,.

To further help our customers reduce their lead time to productionize their high-value machines, we at MMT have formed strategic relationships over the years with industry leaders in various domains such as cutting fluids, lubricants, cutting tools, power conditioners, capacity management tool, who are today our “Eco System partners” helping us add further value to the customers experience."
Kimberly-Clark,4.4,(160 Reviews),Private,"Irving,Texas + 35 more",151 years old,501-1k Employees (India),Kimberly-Clark Corporation is an American multinational personal care corporation that produces mostly paper-based consumer products. The company manufactures sanitary paper products and surgical & medical instruments. It operates non-woven fabric mills and paper mills
Petpooja,4.3,(160 Reviews),Private,Ahmedabad + 23 more,12 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Petpooja, at its core, is a technology product company. We are a team of 750+ people spread out across 140+ cities in India, UAE, and South Africa.

We are a very technology-driven organization that makes software that empowers our merchants. 

At Petpooja, we believe that a person's attitude is the most important factor contributing to their, and subsequently, to the organization's success. Aptitude can be taught, however, attitude is ingrained.

We empower each member of the organization to build ownership of the product and the company. ""The buck stops with me"" is the most effective way to solve any problems that may arise.

We believe in the power of data. Every decision, be it whether to launch a new product or change how we market existing products is driven by data. Hunches may drive further exploration, decisions however are based on data."
Sentiss Pharma,4.1,(160 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 9 more",33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Incorporated in 1990, Sentiss is committed to providing the best quality pharmaceutical products primarily in the Ophthalmic, ENT and Inhalation segments. Over the past 25 years, by exhibiting commitment and showcasing our winning culture, Sentiss has evolved tremendously and is recognized as the third best Ophthalmic Company (IMS 2015) in Russia. Sentiss’ footprint on the world map is a testimony to its quality philosophy and practice of product differentiation. Sentiss strives to be a global leader in its core segment and continues to expand its operations in Russia, CIS, Europe, USA and Indian markets.Sentiss has a quality workforce of 700+ people across multiple geographies. Sentiss is recognized as one of the Top 100 Great Places to Work in India in 2015. Since its inception in 1990, we have been continuously evolving and has crossed several milestones during this journey. Sentiss Research Centre (SRC) filed 50 patent applications out of which 9 patents have been granted till end of Q2 2016."
Himadri Speciali...,3.8,(160 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 7 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Globally, HSCL is amongst the few completely integrated speciality carbon companies leveraging on its deep knowledge of one of the most versatile substances - Carbon. Over the years, with its core products and value-added by-products, the Company has established itself as one of the world's most extensive value chains in the Carbon segment. Our commitment to the Customers' success drives us to continuously develop innovative products with emphasis on R&D and focus on maximum utilization of resources. Our aspiration is to emerge as one of the leading speciality carbon chemicals conglomerate in the world on the back of an unmatched product portfolio, cutting- edge research and best-in-class technical capabilities. We are headquartered in Kolkata and have seven manufacturing facilities in India and one state-of-the-art manufacturing unit in China. The Company has R&D facilities that are recognized by the Government of India, demonstrating a strong emphasis on technological innovation and research. We are continuously evolving our processes to improve our global footprints by improving energy efficiency levels and ensuring well-being of employees and nearby areas."
Veeba Food Servi...,4.4,(160 Reviews),Private,Delhi + 25 more,40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Veeba Food Services Private Ltd is an ISO 22000:2005 company which is promoted by the Bahl family, who have been associated with the food processing industry since 1983. With our internationally certified production facility and unmatched quality standards, Veeba Food Services is a one-stop solution for all your Sauces, Dips, Emulsions & Dessert Toppings requirement.

Currently Veeba is engaged in manufacturing and marketing Sauces, Emulsions, Toppings, Syrups etc. Other than our extremely prestigious clients which constitute of some of the largest names in the QSR space, Veeba has strong national distribution network covering most parts of the Indian Landscape. Via this distribution network we can reach smallest Bakery and Pizza Parlour across the country, giving it access to sauces manufactured under the best global standards and sauces which are as good as sauces available anywhere else in the world.

Veeba’s world-class manufacturing plant, which is around 35,000 square feet, is located in Neemrana (Rajasthan). It is located on the Indian Golden Quadrilateral, hence having seem-less connectivity with all major cities of India like Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai & Bangalore. This helps us in supplying goods faster to our Clients & Distribution Network and hence giving better service to our end customer."
AVIOM,4.3,(160 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 66 more",7 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"From financial assistance to affordable home loans for the semi-urban populace, we help you own your dream home. Our values form the core of all that we do and guide us to keep our customers at the forefront. Always. At AVIOM, our philosophy, intent and processes are focused on creating a refreshing customer experience, again and again.

 To be able to look at things, and do them differently. We continuously seek to innovate models, processes, tools and transactions to stay ahead of the curve. Integrity forms the bed rock of all our relationships, internal as well as external. We feel integrity is the key driver of trust and transparency in business and otherwise.

Mutual respect is one of the cornerstones of our core business philosophy. Be it our employees, customers, suppliers or industry stakeholders, we are committed to conducting all transactions with respect and honour. Simplicity is what we strive to achieve at AVIOM. Our endeavor is to completely un-complicate the process of home loan buying for home loan buyers by enabling technology and cutting red tape at all transaction points."
Ratnamani Metals...,4.3,(160 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 10 more",40 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Since its inception in 1983, Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Ltd. is just not only manufacturing products but also delighting customers through its unmatched quality. At Ratnamani, tubes and pipes are supplied in accordance with appropriate International Standards as well as Customer Specifications in a large variety of steel grades and dimensions. Client specific requirements on technical parameters are offered on request. Ratnamani ensures high degree of flexibility in production-planning to meet Customer’s urgent delivery requirements. The company's unflinching commitment to quality and services has ensured client loyalty."
Dvara KGFS,4.0,(160 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 30 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Dvara KGFS was incorporated in August 2008 by Dvara Trust, a private trust set up with the mission “To ensure that every individual and every enterprise has complete access to financial services.” Dvara KGFS works to achieve this goal by setting up a network of branches in remote rural areas that offer a range of financial products and services. Dvara KGFS currently operates in the states of Tamil Nadu, Odisha, Uttarakhand, Karnataka, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh serving individual customers and enterprises in remote rural areas. 

The organisation instils this mission into business by facilitating and originating financial products and services on behalf of financial institutions (NBFCs & Banks) through a unique branch-based business model called Kshetriya Gramin Finanical Services (KGFS: KGFS translates to Regional Rural Financial Services). Dvara KGFS follows a customer-centric model and offers products and services through a “Wealth Management” approach.

Our Headquarters and Branches positioned in different locations cater to a clearly defined geographical area spread over a contiguous location with a population of 5 million. On the distribution front, we partner with banks and other financial institution under the direct origination model, serving as a business correspondent (BC)."
Arjas Steel,4.1,(160 Reviews),"Bengaluru,,Karnataka + 5 more",30 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"Arjas Steel (formerly Gerdau Steel India) is an integrated steel plant situated at Tadipatri, Andhra Pradesh in India. The name Arjas is derived from the Sanskrit word ‘Arjava’ which means straightforwardness, sincerity and harmony in thought, words and action."
GE Renewable Ene...,4.1,(160 Reviews),Paris + 21 more,8 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"GE Renewable Energy is a division of General Electric headquartered in Paris, France focusing on production of energy from renewable sources. Its portfolio of products includes wind, hydroelectric and solar power generating solutions"
Policyboss.com,3.6,(160 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 21 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"PolicyBoss.com is the online presence of Landmark Insurance Brokers Pvt. Ltd., one of India's leading insurance sources. At PolicyBoss.com, you can find all the insurances you could need: Car, Health, Term, Travel, Home, Office and Marine. We are also India’s leading motor insurance broker in the retail segment"
RenewBuy,3.6,(160 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 41 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"RenewBuy is an online Insurance Platform which gives a smartest and fastest way to compare, choose and buy Motor and Health Insurance Policy. Keeping in mind, the difficulties faced by the customers who are willing to have an insurance but find it problematic, RenewBuy gives a platform where customers can get each and every single information about Health & Motor Insurance. Customers can come to the website and compare the features of the same policy provided by the best insurers in the market. We have a platform where we offer the lowest premium cost by comparing it with the top insurers in the market. With the objective to make people's life easier, RenewBuy facilitates its customers with end-to-end solution related to Motor & Health Insurance. We also serve our POS partners with a separate partner portal where they can easily sell or renew the insurance policy and provide assistance to them through a team of experts."
SLK Global Solut...,4.2,(159 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 5 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Festo,4.0,(159 Reviews),Private,"Ludhiana,Punjab + 11 more",37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),Festo is a leading world-wide supplier of automation technology and the performance leader in industrial training and education programs. Our aim: maximised productivity and competitiveness for our customers.
Pitney Bowes,4.2,(159 Reviews),Private,Stamford + 10 more,103 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Pitney Bowes is a global technology company providing commerce solutions that power billions of transactions. The 1.5 million clients around the world, including 90% of the Fortune 500, rely on the accuracy and precision delivered by Pitney Bowes solutions, analytics and APIs in the areas of ecommerce fulfillment, shipping and returns; cross-border ecommerce; office mailing and shipping; presort services; location data; customer information and engagement software; services; and financing. 

For nearly 100 years Pitney Bowes has been innovating and delivering technologies that remove the complexity of getting commerce transactions precisely right. Our 14,000 passionate Craftsmen of Commerce around the world maintain a relentless pursuit of innovation with over 2,300 active patents, and focus on clients, who are at the center of all that we do."
Gufic Bioscience...,3.6,(159 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 23 more",53 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We have been in the Pharmaceutical industry since 1970 and are known and respected for Innovative and high Quality pharmaceutical and Herbal Products along with a wide range of APIs. We are one of the largest manufacturers of Lyophilized injections in India and have a fully automated lyophilization plant Our lyophillized product portfolio includes Antibiotic, Antifungal, Cardiac, Infertility, Antiviral and proton-pump inhibitor segments. Our products are supplied to most major hospital chains and leading medical facilities and we have an extensive network of representatives promoting these products all across India."
Kosamattam Finan...,3.5,(159 Reviews),Private,"Kottayam,Kerala + 47 more",36 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"The Kosamattam name has been respected for more than 150 years for its adherence to strong values and the group has always believed in returning wealth to the society it serves. Anchored in values and strong ethics, Kosamattam Group is building businesses that will achieve growth through excellence and innovation while balancing the interests of its customers, employees and civil society. Based on the performance of all Kosamattam group companies over the years, Kosamattam brand has come to stand for not only ‘Trust’ but quality, business leadership, the highest ethical standards and respect for all its customers."
Microsense,3.6,(159 Reviews),"Collegeville,Pennsylvania + 23 more",41 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Microsense is a domain leader in HSIA services to the Hospitality segment. Microsense has an Pan India presence and is also serving Hospitality chains in USA, UAE, Srilanka, Maldives etc,. Microsense has a employee strength of 350 across 20 major cities of India"
Elcamino Softwar...,3.1,(159 Reviews),Private,Gurugram + 2 more,13 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are a 10-year-old company that provides back end IT analysis and advanced data entry support. It has over 800 employees with offices in California, Gurgaon, and Bangalore. We have an extremely competitive package available for Freshers - CTC Rs.2,30,000 to Rs.2,60,000 yearly. We have a very strict policy of promoting from within. All our management and senior personnel have risen from the bottom upwards. We have a lot of processes that allow for upward movement and promotions. Our work culture is based on putting you first. We are committed to supporting your career goals and ensuring that you have complete job satisfaction with us. Contact us today for more details! NON SALES/VOICE/TECH. ONLY BACK-END PROCESS.'"
Bellsonica Auto ...,3.8,(159 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 5 more",67 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Bellsonica Auto Component India Private Limited (Abbreviated to BACI) was established in the year 2006. As creators of new technology, we at Bellsonica want to be able to contribute to the global society. Our name, Bellsonica. Technology from our innovative enterprise strikes a clear note and rings throughout the industry.

“Bell” A bell sounds the time. It marks a winner. We carry company tradition into the future by including the element of our original company name that means “bell” in Japanese. Resound” Our company's fundamental stance and the needs of society strike a common note and resound.“Resound” also reflects our commitment to a flexible approach to business.

Technical” We work in highly specialized fields of engineering and technology. Our name itself reflects our field of work and our special talent."
N Ranga Rao And ...,4.3,(159 Reviews),Private,"Mysore/Mysuru,Karnataka + 43 more",75 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Manufacturers of Cycle Pure Agarbathies Established in 1948Pioneer & leader in the incense industry for over 6 decades in: Creativity of fragrances and packaging. Professional management and marketing and now totally SAP integrated.Has a library of over 500 fragrances all created and blended in-house.
R L Fine Chem,3.5,(159 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 4 more",39 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"RL Fine Chem Pvt. Ltd. was established in 1984 on the outskirts of Bengaluru by Mr.Anjan Kumar Roy and was one of the first companies to develop and manufacture psychotropic substances in the country.The company was acquired by private equity groups in 2016 and is targeting a CAGR of over 30 percent for the next future.The company today operates out of its four facilities in Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. Our commitment to pursue excellence and uncompromising attitude towards quality has helped emerge as leaders in the manufacture of psychotropic substances and APIs in other therapeutic segments such as Antipsychotic, Antihistamine and Muscle relaxants."
Superhouse,3.6,(159 Reviews),Public,"Unnao,Uttar Pradesh + 8 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Superhouse Group is a multi-unit and multi-product conglomerate with brand leadership in the field of Leather, Leather goods, Footwear manufacturing, and exports. The Group is well equipped with state-of-the-art machinery and a skilled workforce to produce a diverse range and quality of Leather, leather goods, and textile garments, appreciated globally.

Well equipped with state-of-the-art technology with an annual turnover of USD 250 million, Superhouse Group is one of the leading manufacturers and exporters of the highest quality and a diverse range of Footwear, Leather Goods, Finished Leather, Fall Protection Equipment, Garments, and Equestrian to more than 50+ countries.

Having 22 manufacturing capacities strategically located across different cities in India and wholly owned subsidiaries in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, France, Spain, and UAE, Superhouse Group presently employs a workforce of more than 8000+ skilled personnel globally."
Silverskills,3.5,(159 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 3 more",22 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Silverskills is a leading provider of commercial real estate, healthcare, and financial services solutions. The company which has its US Headquarters in Austin, Texas has been delivering services since 2001. Silverskills has been described by its customers as: “highly skilled, work force extension, force multiplier, process innovator, and technology leader.” Silverskills approaches its clients with services that outperform its peers and provide customers with the highest level of satisfaction and return.Silverskills drives results and helps businesses reach their full potential. Each customer that works with Silverskills builds a relationship with a team with decades of experience that provides thought leadership and best-practices for every situation. Silverskills believes in creating vested outsourcing relationships that promote successful customer relationships and maximize return on investment."
Ashok Iron Works,3.4,(159 Reviews),Private,"Belagavi/Belgaum,Karnataka + 2 more",49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"AIW is the only group in INDIA which has a fully integrated set up from 3D casting model as input to design and manufacturing of machined castings. AIW is one of the largest foundry groups producing a wide range of FERROUS CASTINGS (grey iron, ductile iron & special metallurgy) such as ENGINE BLOCKS/HEADS, transmission housings of weight ranging from 20 kg to 2500 kg per piece.From a single cylinder to 16 cylinder engine blocks and single cylinder to 6 cylinder engine heads are only being manufactured at AIW in INDIA."
Springer Nature,3.8,(159 Reviews),Private,Berlin + 1 more,17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a global and progressive business, founded on a heritage of trusted and respected brands – including Springer, founded in 1842, Macmillan, founded in 1843 and Nature, first published in 1869.

Nearly two centuries of progress and advancement in science and education have helped shape the business we are today. Research and learning continue to be the cornerstone of progress, and we will continue to open doors to discovery through trusted brands and innovative products and services. Springer Nature Group was created in May 2015 through the combination of Nature Publishing Group, Macmillan Education, and Springer Science+Business Media.

The main shareholders of Springer Nature are Holtzbrinck Publishing Group and BC Partners. Holtzbrinck, a family-owned company based in Stuttgart, holds a majority share of 53 percent."
ISRO Satellite C...,4.4,(159 Reviews),Bengaluru + 12 more,47 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"U R Rao Satellite Centre is the lead centre of the Indian Space Research Organisation(ISRO) responsible for design, development, assembly & integration of communication, navigation, remote sensing, scientific and small satellite missions.The specialised teams of scientists, engineers and technicians of URSC have built more than 90 complex & advanced satellites for various applications in areas of telecommunications, television broadcasting, VSAT services, tele-medicine, tele-education, navigation, weather forecasting, disaster warning, search and rescue operations, earth observations, natural resource management, scientific and space science etc."
Pmkvy,4.0,(159 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 68 more",8 years old,1-10 Employees (India),"Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojana (PMKVY)[1][2] is a skill development initiative scheme of the Government of India for recognition and standardisation of skills.[3]The aim of the pmkvy scheme is to encourage aptitude towards employable skills and to increase working efficiency of probable and existing daily wage earners, by giving monetary awards and rewards and by providing quality training to them. Average award amount per person has been kept as ₹8,000 (US$110). Those wage earners already possessing a standard level of skill will be given recognition as per scheme and average award amount for them is ₹2000 to ₹2500. In the initial year, a target to distribute ₹15 billion (US$210 million) has been laid down for the scheme. Training programmes have been worked out on the basis of National Occupational Standards (NOS) and qualification packs specifically developed in various sectors of skills. For this qualification plans and quality plans have been developed by various Sector Skill Councils (SSC) created with participation of Industries. National Skill Development Council (NSDC) has been made coordinating and driving agency for the same.[4]"
GRT Jewellers,4.6,(159 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 19 more",59 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"It was in 1964 that G. Rajendran founded GRT Jewellers, in the fast-growing shopping hub of Chennai (formerly Madras).Like all great success stories, GRT as the shop is fondly called by customers, began from humble origins.Through single-minded focus on customer satisfaction, GRT soon became a household name in Chennai, gaining renown for the purity of its ornaments, wide choice of designs and consistent customer delight."
MEP Infrastruct...,3.5,(159 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 16 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Transport system forms the backbone of the nation -a system that includes an intricate network of roads, highways, bridges and toll plazas. Behind many of these, lies the experience of MEP. A Mhaiskar family enterprise, MEP Infrastructure Developers Pvt Limited is a Mumbai-based organisation with presence across the country. Established in 2002 as a Toll Management Company, today MEP has extended its experience to BOT and OMT Projects and construction of Bridges. The company, along with its subsidiaries has operated 68 projects with an aggregate of 122 toll plazas and 783 lanes across 12 states in India. As an organisation that operates and maintains highways and bridges, we consistently care, repair and beautify each of our projects. VISION: To strive towards transforming surface infrastructure into enriching customer experience."
Neon Laboratorie...,3.6,(159 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 23 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Neon Laboratories Limited is a 40 years 8 days old Public Company incorporated on 22 Jun 1982. Its registered office is in Mumbai, Maharashtra, india.
The Company's status is Active, and it has filed its Annual Returns and Financial Statements up to 31 Mar 2021 (FY 2020-2021). It's a company limited by shares having an authorized capital of Rs 4.00 cr and a paid-up capital of Rs 1.53 cr as per MCA.
7 Directors are associated with the organization. Abhay Uttamchand Jain, Usha Kishor Jain, Hitesh Kiran Kumar and 4 other members are presently associated as directors."
Radheya Machinin...,3.5,(159 Reviews),Pune + 9 more,23 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"Radheya Group was established in year 2000 with the incorporation of the flagship company, Radheya Machining Limited. Since then, it has grown rapidly and emerged as a frontrunner in the global automotive & process equipment component industry with a worldwide presence across North America, Europe, and Asia.  Radheya Group is a fast growing global engineering organization with business interest ranging from design to manufacturing of aggregates and systems related to commercial vehicles, passenger cars, construction, farm equipments and process equipments. Radheya Group started his journey and scripted the story of the Radheya Machining Limited in 2000 at Sanaswadi, Pune with the state of art manufacturing facilities. One decade later, Head office at Pune, it has grown into a pulsating institution with manufacturing setup."
Nuance Communica...,4.2,(270 Reviews),Public,"Burlington,Massachusetts + 11 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Nuance Communications, Inc. is the pioneer and leader in conversational AI innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life. The company delivers solutions that understand, analyze and respond to human language, amplifying human intelligence. With decades of domain and artificial intelligence expertise, Nuance works with thousands of organizations – in healthcare, telecommunications, automotive, financial services, retail, and more – to create stronger relationships and better experiences for their customers."
SMR Automotive S...,3.9,(158 Reviews),Private,Stuttgart + 13 more,88 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"SMR is a global company with a high level of innovation. Originally coming from the pure mirror business, today SMR is specialist in rear view mirror systems as well as pioneer in intelligent camera systems for automotive applications. Our goal is to actively help forming the future of the automotive industry – with innovative technologies that make driving more comfortable and safer. As part of the Samvardhana Motherson Group, we are optimally networked for reacting quickly to customer requirements and making use of synergy effects. For example, we work closely with our sister companies SMP, MSSL, SMIA, SMRC, PKC and Motherson Innovations. SMR offers a creative working environment, in which everyone can participate actively and develop in line with his or her individual abilities and preferences."
Cavisson Systems,3.5,(158 Reviews),Private,"Santa Clara,California",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Cavisson Systems Inc., headquartered in Santa Clara, CA (USA), is a leading performance intelligence platform provider that ensures exceptional customer experience and business efficacy of mission critical applications. World’s leading brands, including retailers, network providers, and financial institutions, rely on our product suite to enhance performance, quality, and availability of their enterprise systems and applications. Cavisson’s performance testing, monitoring, and diagnostics software, helps enterprises maximize up-time and optimize server response time for seamless transactions and exceptional buying experiences."
Spacewood,3.5,(158 Reviews),Private,"Nagpur,Maharashtra + 17 more",29 years old,201-500 Employees (India),We are India’s leading premium brand and manufacturer of Modular Furniture. We are a one stop solution for home and office needs. We are committed to continuously evolve by setting trends and landmarks in designs through our innovations.
Onicra Credit Ra...,2.9,(158 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 31 more",30 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Onicra Credit Rating Agency of India Ltd. is one of the leading Credit and Performance Rating agencies in India. It provides ratings, risk assessment and analytical solutions to Individuals, MSMEs and Corporates.
Onicra Credit Rating Agency of India Ltd is recognized as the pioneers of the concept of individual Credit rating in India. After being the first to introduce the concept, Onicra has been continuously conducting in-depth research into all aspects of the behavior of credit seekers and has developed a comprehensive rating system for various types of credit extensions. Onicra provides a platform to credit seekers and granters build long lasting relationship."
AL YAMAMA COMPAN...,3.7,(158 Reviews),Dammam + 12 more,71 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),N/A,"One of the largest conglomerates in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, focused on organic growth through intuitive diversification, planning and sound business principles.

The company has operated and leased out numerous projects in General contracting and construction, Roads and Bridges Works, Utilities & Infrastructure works, Facilities Management, operation and maintenance, landscaping and irrigation, Janitorial and sanitation services, Technical & Support Services.

Al Yamama was established in 1952 as a Contracting and Trading firm focusing on meeting the needs of the industry. Today, it stands as a highly responsive indigenous brand in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, second to none in the global arena."
TAJSATS AIR CATE...,3.9,(158 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",47 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"TajSATS Air Catering Ltd. is a joint venture of the Indian Hotels Company, popularly known as the Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces, and SATS (formerly known as Singapore Airport Terminal Services).

The Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces is part of the Tata Group, India's largest business conglomerate. The Tata Group has 98 companies spread across 80 countries in 6 continents.

SATS, is a leader in airline catering and ground handling services in Asia.

TajSATS is the market leader in airline catering. The company provides in-flight catering at Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Amritsar, Goa and Bangalore. Taj Madras Flight Kitchen is a joint venture of the Indian Hotels, SATS and Malaysian Airlines.

All these facilities are equipped with state-of-the-art technology and advanced kitchen equipment for efficient and hygienic food production and handling.

At the heart of our offering is a commitment to be 'One with the Customer'. We are focused on creating affinity with our customers every single day. We believe in strengthening this relationship by delighting the customer in every interaction.

TajSATS is also looking at future expansion in select cities. We have kept pace with the developments that have taken place in the Indian aviation industry and we are geared to face whatever the future brings. While catering to the ever increasing needs of our demanding business, we have simultaneously expanded from an Indian catering service to an International one."
KJS Cement,3.8,(158 Reviews),Private,"Satna,Madhya Pradesh + 21 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"KJS Cement (I) Limited is a part of KJS Group of Industries. The group is a multi location and multi unit group of industries with presence in Mining, Iron & Steel, Power, Media, Infrastructure development such as Housing, Hotels, Commercial space development, Logistics & Transportation and Cement.KJS Group of Industries was founded by Mr. Kamaljeet Singh Ahluwalia, Chairman of the Group, Mr. Pawan Kumar Ahluwalia, Vice Chairman & Group Managing Director and Mr. Prashant Ahluwalia, Jt. Managing Director of the Group.Currently the group’s turnover is INR 5,000 cr/annum and over 5000 employees are working with the group."
Cogencis Informa...,3.9,(158 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 4 more,16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Right from our genesis, the ethos has been to bring to you a choice that is truly powerful. Our quest was to break the then prevailing duopoly and offer you a real choice. From Crisil MarketWire to NewsWire 18 to Cogencis, our focus to deliver an optimum value proposition remains unwavering. Our value delivery was unmatched then and remains so even today. Cogencis is India’s first and fastest growing real-time financial market terminal provider- a testimony to deep-rooted customer faith."
Intelliswift Sof...,4.0,(158 Reviews),Private,"Newark,New Jersey + 4 more",22 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Intelliswift Software, Inc., is a premier onsite/offshore software solutions and services company, headquartered in the Silicon Valley with offices across the United States, India, and Singapore. We are recognized as the second largest private IT Company and ranked among the 50 fastest-growing private companies in the East Bay.

Expanding at an exponential rate and yet agile in its approach, Intelliswift has advanced far ahead from where it had started. After spreading deep roots as a staffing solutions leader, the company expanded and acquired a software development center in Mumbai, India in 2012. Intelliswift continues to expand its global presence by opening offices in Singapore and Bengaluru, India.

Some noteworthy achievements include: transforming a bank with efficient business solutions involving the Core Banking System (CBS), creating an E-commerce store for a Retail business giant with the latest security solutions, and building a database designer with a hierarchical system for communicating in a hospital or clinic. These achievements and possibilities emerged because our clients’ trust in our expertise that includes a vast array of technological development services. Our exceptional leaders and engineers work on software applications, web development, mobility solutions, and cloud-based services. Our best practices and progressive work culture has also maneuvered us into R&D of augmented reality.

We work closely with our clients to help them successfully build and execute their most critical strategies. Intelliswift has a proven track record of delivering results through its global delivery centers and flexible engagement models for over 450 brands ranging from Fortune 100 to growing companies. Intelliswift provides a variety of services including Enterprise Applications, Mobility, Big Data/BI, Staffing Services, and Cloud Solutions. Our enterprise clientele includes leading companies like eBay, PayPal, DIRECTV, Expedia, Oracle, Cisco, and many more.

The talent nurtured at Intelliswift, combined with our global network make us your best ally. We provide support for a variety of organization sizes, and are committed to our clients to utilize available resources, to ensure that our services are tailored to meet all client specific requirements."
Symphony,4.1,(158 Reviews),Public,"Palo Alto,California + 45 more",35 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Launched in 1988, Symphony has established itself as a world leader in evaporative air coolers. It is a joint stock and publicly held company that's listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange. Symphony Industrial Air Coolers provide cost efficient and environment friendly cooling solutions for industrial and commercial spaces. They are the ideal choice for in the case of large spaces where air conditioners are considered to be too expensive and also in spaces that involve extreme heat. Symphony has also created the world's largest functioning air cooler, a feat which has been certified by Guinness World Records."
IM Gears,3.9,(158 Reviews),Chennai + 3 more,58 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"IM Gears is a high precision manufacturer for the global automotive, aerospace, hydraulics and speciality application supply chains. IM Gears enjoys single source status with most of its customers both at home in India and across the world. Over the last five decades, IM Gears has earned a reputation for setting exemplary standards in quality, precision and delivery. Equipped with state-of-the-art machines, labs, and measuring systems, and with a highly skilled work-force, IM Gears ensures that its customers get the best, in terms of quality, delivery and cost."
Europa Locks,3.5,(158 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 16 more",39 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"At EUROPA, excellence is a way of life, evident in the quality and design of every ‘EUROPA’ work of art. Exquisitely shaped and incredibly well finished using state-of-the-art CNC machines, SPMs, pressure die casting/forging equipment and electrophoretic lacquering, ’EUROPA’ products compare with the best in the world. Moreover, product reliability is an integral part of manufacturing process."
Sundaram Motors,3.9,(158 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 23 more",25 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Sundaram Motors is a division of TVS & Sons Madurai, and has been in the automobile industry for over six decades and has a strong association with reputed automobile vehicle manufacturers and corporate suppliers. Sundaram Motors turnover exceeds ₹ 1800 crores (For the year ending March 31, 2019) and is involved in sales and service of cars, apart from after- market parts distribution. The division has 17 dealerships for cars, and a network of 148 parts distribution outlets"
HomeShop18,4.0,(158 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 11 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"HomeShop18 is India’s first comprehensive virtual retail business, selling credible brands to customers nationally, operating in a multimedia environment including Internet, TV and via mobile.
Started in 2011, HomeShop18.com is the e-commerce arm which is setting a benchmark in the ecommerce industry by offering innovative, differentiated and demonstrative retail experiences on the Internet. And with the introduction on mobile shopping in 2013, Homeshop18 redefines the way consumers shop. Present over all virtual platforms of shopping, HomeShop18.com has emerged as the largest e-retailer in India with monthly reach of 8.1 million unique visitors and an increase of 119.4% year-on-year growth (ComScore June 2013)"
Metriqe Solution...,4.1,(158 Reviews),Private,Irving,16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Established in 2007, Metriqe Solution is a leader in providing support to your back office or ‘overhead’ departments. Starting as a service provider for hotel accounting, we support customers across diverse industries today.

At Metriqe, we have strived to create a culture of innovation which involves an ongoing approach to understand the process metrics, performing discovery sessions, identifying opportunities for improvement, experimenting with multiple solutions, achieving and sustaining the results. Through each such cycle, we evolve. and the new processes are institutionalized to mitigate risk exposure as opportunities and solutions are better defined.

Better definitions will reduce ambiguity and uncertainty. Process management discipline, leveraged through innovation initiatives, allows us to overcome shortages of key technical talent and lower product cost curves, and expand into international markets."
The Co-operative...,4.0,(158 Reviews),"Manchester,Greater Manchester + 75 more",151 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"The co-operative values on which we built the bank over 145 years ago still stand today. They are more than the foundations of the bank, they are what connect us together - colleagues, customers, the businesses we bank, charities we support and the issues we stand for.

These co-operative values are still important to us today; they are more than the foundations of the bank, they are what bring us together – colleagues, customers, the businesses who bank with us, the charities we support and the issues we stand for.

We are a community of people that get involved rather than stand on the side-lines. We are the colleagues that are committed to helping our customers. We are the co-operatives, credit unions, charities and small businesses who have proven that our combined strength can build both a stronger economy and society. We are the customer views shaping our Ethical Policy – steering our choices in who we provide banking to. We are the bank that believes in the power of “we”.

We've always believed that doing good and doing good business should go together. Which is why we've had a customer-led Ethical Policy for over 25 years. Putting your values at the heart of what we do and campaigning for what you think is right."
Kent plc,4.5,(158 Reviews),"Dubai,UAE + 13 more",104 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Kent is a privately owned international integrated energy services company. We are a new breed of company -future-focused with reimagined ambition across all disciplines within the energy sector.

We design, build and maintain the assets that power the world for today and make it future-ready for tomorrow. From consulting to design, build, commissioning, and start-up through to maintenance and decommissioning. 

Our ambition is to become the global leader in integrated energy services while moving forward to fulfill our purpose to bring the world the energy it needs in the most responsible way ever imagined. 

We have delivered projects in over 88 countries, thriving on tackling new and challenging territories for our clients across the globe. We are a 14,000-strong team of 84 nationalities working across 34 countries. 

We are expanding our team in India and looking to bring in the brightest minds to join us in creating some of the most significant energy projects globally. We offer great opportunities, with career paths in more markets and sectors than ever before."
Save the Childre...,4.2,(157 Reviews),Private,Fairfield + 26 more,15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Save the Children is a global non-profit organisation which was founded in the year 1919. Today, it is India's leading independent child rights NGO. As of December 2018, we work in 19 states of India. Started in 2008 in India, and registered as 'Bal Raksha Bharat', we have changed the lives of more than 10.1 million (1.1 crore) children till date. In the year 2018, we reached 12.03 lakh children.
Save the Children believes that every child deserves the best chance for a bright future and that’s why we are fiercely committed towards ensuring that children not only survive, but thrive. We run programmes in the remotest corners of India and urban areas to provide quality education and healthcare, protection from harm and abuse and life-saving aid during emergencies to children. Globally, Save the Children is present in more than 80 countries and works to improve the lives of the most vulnerable children living there.
Every child deserves the best chance for a bright future. And that’s why we are fiercely committed to ensuring children not only survive, but thrive. Bold in our ambition and powerful in our care, we do whatever it takes to save the world’s children.
In India and around the world, Save the Children is on the ground – every day and in times of crisis. Our pioneering programmes address children’s unique needs, giving them a healthy start, the opportunity to learn and protection from harm. When crisis strikes, we are always among the first to respond and the last to leave. We are outspoken champions for children, ensuring their voices are heard and their issues are given top priority. Drawing on a century of leading expertise, we take on the toughest challenges facing the hardest-to-reach children – especially those unfairly excluded from the world’s progress.
We are proud to be the world’s leading expert on children, delivering lasting results for millions of vulnerable girls and boys. By saving the world’s children, we transform their lives and the future we share."
CEVA Logistics,3.9,(157 Reviews),Private,Marseille + 26 more,17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CEVA Logistics makes business flow.  As one of the world’s leading non-asset- based supply chain management companies, we design and implement industry-leading solutions in both freight management and contract logistics.

More than 58,000 employees work in 10 regional clusters around the globe to provide viable answers to the most challenging supply chain questions. 

CEVA applies its renowned operational excellence to offer best-in-class services across its integrated worldwide network with an equal focus on general business and on the specialist needs of the automotive, consumer & retail, energy, healthcare, industrial & aerospace and technology sectors.

Together with our strategic partner, CMA CGM, a leading worldwide maritime transport and logistics group, we are able to offer our customers a complete range of solutions that meet all their needs."
Naandi Foundatio...,4.0,(157 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 36 more",25 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Naandi, which in Sanskrit means a new beginning; is one of the largest and fastest growing social sector organisations in India working to make poverty history. Founded in 1998; our aim is to eradicate poverty . We also have a research arm that takes up action researches and other field based trials to check out innovations and their potential to positively influence policy. Our ideology revolves around building sustainable models within the social sector that deliver critical services efficiently and equitably to underserved communities."
Ford Business Se...,4.5,(157 Reviews),Chennai + 10 more,25 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"Ford Business Services Center Private Limited is a consumer services company based out of No19 Rajaji Nagar 2nd street Villivakkam, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.

The company's line of business includes providing accounting, bookkeeping, and related auditing services."
Balaji Wafers,4.3,(157 Reviews),Private,"Rajkot,Gujrat + 23 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),The Company has 51+ product range and 93+ SKUs. Our strong presence in the remotest of the areas to sprawling cities is made possible through ever-expanding powerful distribution network consisting of 800+ dealers. Balaji aims to provide a quality snacking experience at the most affordable price to people across all age groups.
ecare India,3.7,(157 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 3 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"e-care India, one of the leading medical billing companies in India was started in early 2000 by a team of dedicated experts in the medical billing industry. About a decade and a half later, e-care has grown to be one among the global leaders in providing quality medical billing services to medical practices and medical billing companies in the United States and other parts of the world. We are now a growing talented pool of 1000+ medical billing experts and our operations in India are well-equipped to handle the rapid changes in the US healthcare landscape including the recent technological advancements."
The Supreme Ind ...,4.3,(157 Reviews),Mumbai + 32 more,81 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Founded in 1942, Supreme is an acknowledged leader of India's plastics industry. Handling volumes of over 3,20,000 tonnes of polymers annually effectively makes the country's largest plastics processors.

Not surprisingly, we also offer the widest and most comprehensive range of plastic products in India.

Our 25 advanced plants are powered by technology from world leaders, and complement our extensive facilities for R & D and new product development. In fact, Supreme is credited with pioneering several products in India. These include Cross- Laminated Films, HMHD Films, Multilayer Films, SWR Piping Systems and more.

Supreme Industries Limited is India's leading plastic processing company with seven business divisions. The company has forayed into different types of plastic processing in Injection Moulding, Rotational Moulding (ROTO), Extrusion, Compression Moulding, Blow Moulding etc."
CES,4.0,(157 Reviews),Public,"Bolingbrook,Illinois + 10 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CES is an Information Technology (IT) and Business Process Management (BPM) company, which provides services that are tailored to meet the requirements and goals of each customer. Our team has the advanced knowledge, skills, and experience to provide you with reliable, robust, and practically proven solutions that improve your business's bottom line.

Understanding your business goals and requirements
Our strength lies in understanding our customer’s business goals, offering flexible delivery models, and building long-term relationships. At CES, we engage and enhance our customers’ needs by identifying the areas for improvement, providing state-of-the-art IT and business solutions, and deploying proven processes to support the current needs and future business growth.

Availability of both onsite and offshore delivery models
CES provides both onsite and offshore delivery models that empower you with the right decision-making prowess. We have state-of-the-art facility centers across India, Europe, North America, and the Middle East that caters to all your IT and business process management requirements, no matter where you reside.

Our professional multi-location engagement teams work like your own team, but at lower costs and with better productivity. When you partner with CES, you get optimal returns on your investment as our team comprises trained, highly skilled, and experienced professionals who work to resolve your business problems even when you are not at work. This maximizes the turnaround time while significantly decreasing costs to give you maximum returns on your investment."
Geetanjali Medic...,4.4,(157 Reviews),Private,"Udaipur,Rajasthan + 15 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Geetanjali Hospital is an 1200-bedded Tertiary Care Hospital with Multi Super Specialty Services having all medical modalities under one roof. The medicity is spread over an area of 50 acres of picturesque Udaipur scenery.
Mitsubishi Eleva...,4.0,(157 Reviews),Private,Tokyo + 18 more,92 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mitsubishi Electric elevators and escalators are defined by the phrase, Quality in Motion. It’s a concept that has grown out of an attention to detail that manifested in exceptional-quality products as far back as the 1930s. Our customers appreciate the higher standard that we set for ourselves. They know that the level of attention to detail we’re famous for will protect their investments in what are widely acknowledged to be the highest quality elevators, escalators and moving walks available."
Anu Industries,3.7,(157 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 10 more",49 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Anu Industries  was set up in 1974 to manufacture a host of quality Automotive Electrical & Electronic Components. Constant strive for quality have made our products acceptable to leading OEM's like Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai Motors, Toyota, Hero motocorp, Honda Scooters, Honda Car, Renault, Nissan, Fiat etc.,
The company manufactures electronic and electrical auto parts like ignition coils, actuators, relay assembly starters, flasher relays, washer motors , etc .for cars and two wheelers."
Kubota Agricultu...,4.1,(157 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 24 more,15 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Kubota India believes in building and cultivating long-term relations with farmers. Kubota India is expanding its network across the Indian territory touching farmers from each corner and introducing farm mechanization and deeply committed to the Indian markets for its development in the agricultural sector.

In pure terms, it’s Japanese Technology helping Indian Farmers with full-fledged product range starting from power tillers, tractors, transplanters to combined harvesters."
Newgen Knowledge...,3.7,(157 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 9 more,27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Newgen KnowledgeWorks is a provider of publishing and digital services and technology solutions for many of the world’s most prestigious publishers.

Newgen was set up in 1996 to capitalize on the growing trend among academic publishers to offshore the typesetting of English-language scientific books and journals. Over the past 20 years, we have extended our service portfolio to anticipate new outsourcing requirements in the publishing industry and have broadened our client base to different types of content producers and new geographies. Newgen is an ISO 9001:2008 certified company with 1,100 staff across editorial, production, and training offices in two Indian cities, and project management staff and managed editorial freelancers in the United States and the United Kingdom. Our publishing services extend from content creation and commissioning support through developmental editing, project management, copyediting, and typesetting to manufacturing management and backlist conversion. Our group companies develop enterprise software for the creation, management, and publication of content; createmobile apps and cloud solutions for distribution; and craft discoverability strategies for publishers. As a single source of outsourced and in-house services and solutions over the content lifecycle, Newgen helps clients maximize efficiencies in a competitive market."
MSP Steel & Powe...,4.0,(157 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 7 more",93 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MSP is leading company from east india for manufacturing of Steel and Power and now into Mining. MSP is one of major player in Chattisgagh, Madhya Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Orrisa, Jharkhand and West Bengal. MSP is know in steel industry as a bond of trust. MSP is know into Natural Resources."
PARAGON POLYMER ...,4.2,(157 Reviews),Kottayam + 30 more,48 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"As a brand that sells all over the country, Paragon needs little or no introduction in the Indian sub-continent. Paragon also has an in-house footwear design team dedicated to creating new designs and models to keep up with market demand. While rubber footwear continues to be its leading product, the Paragon brand name brings its longstanding assurance of quality and durability to a full range of other footwear products, which are made of Poly-urethane (PU), Poly Vinyl Chloride (PVC), Ethylene-vinyl Acetate (EVA) and Thermo Plastic Rubber (TPR) soles.  The Paragon Group of companies is considered No.1 in the organized rubber footwear sector. Catering to millions with the promise of long-lasting footwear, Paragon has grown to become the No.1 footwear brand in the country. Today, Paragon's total production capacity (in-house) is 400,000 pairs a day. Apart from in-house production, Paragon has also outsourced production of footwear in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kottayam, Calcutta and other parts of the country. The total sales is approximated to 14,00,00,000 pairs each year."
Greentech Indust...,3.9,(157 Reviews),Private,"Naidupet Mandal,Andhra Pradesh + 4 more",15 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"GREENTECH INDUSTRIES is a group of MEITA INDUSTRIAL CO LTD., TAIWAN.MEITA GROUP is a Taiwan based company started since August 1977, one of the leading manufacturer of engine child components, catering to the requirements of the Internal Combustion engine industry as well as automobile child parts related to casting and machining. Various quality activities are deployed around the business philosophy, in order to improve capability, product quality and achieve commitment to customers. In order to adapt the further requirement of market and the internal quality management and Health Safety and Environment management system , this manuals are developed according to IATF 16949, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 standard, to further standardize production, business and management.This Quality and HSE manuals are the guidelines for all Quality and HSE activities deployed in our company. It is the core of internal Quality and HSE management system. Everyone in the company is committed to maintaining and improving Quality and HSE management system, and being dedicated to the prosperity and development of company."
Oceaneering Inte...,3.9,(157 Reviews),Private,Houston + 2 more,59 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Oceaneering is a market leader in engineered services and products, including robotic solutions deployed on land, underwater, and in space. With over 50 years of experience in underwater and harsh environments, Oceaneering’s advanced technologies are designed to meet high standards for safety and reliability.  

We apply our core capabilities to the offshore energy, defense, aerospace, manufacturing, logistics, healthcare, science and research, and entertainment industries."
SRM Technologies...,3.8,(157 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 16 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"SRM Technologies is a product engineering, enterprise digital & cloud transformation service provider. The company specializes in helping enterprises shape their digital journey, modernize applications, enable data-driven decisions, build, and deliver intelligent embedded software solutions. 

Talent & Culture:
Our workforce comes from varied backgrounds with expertise & interest in technologies, that ultimately result in innovation and customer growth. Each individual brings a unique perspective and fresh ideas to every challenge or opportunity at hand, thereby improving our decision-making capabilities, ensuring excellent service delivery and enhancing the creative solutions we offer."
Alkyl Amines,4.5,(157 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",44 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Company is in the business of manufacturing and marketing various aliphatic amines, amine derivatives and other speciality chemicals for the last 30 years.

It has three manufacturing sites with 12 production plants and related utilities at Patalganga and Kurkumbh in Maharashtra and Dahej in Gujarat. The company has an R&D centre at Hadapsar, Pune. Over the last decade, the company had added various new product processes which were developed in the R&D to expand its product range through inhouse technology.

The first plant was commissioned in 1982 at Patalganga to make ethylamines with technology from Leonard Process Company, USA. Subsequently, the capacity at the site was expanded to manufacture other amines with technical know-how of Acid Amines Technologies ,USA, and now hosts 2 multipurpose amines plants with a capacity exceeding 25000 MT/annum. In 1995 it started on its Kurkumbh complex where various amines and amine derivatives are currently being manufactured in 9 production plants with a capacity exceeding 70000 MT/annum. In 2018 it started on its Dahej site where amines are currently being manufactured in 1 production plant with a capacity exceeding 35000 MT/annum. In the last two decades, the company has added various facilities to manufacture a wide range of speciality chemicals with its inhouse developed technologies.

AACL is a global supplier of amines and amine-based chemicals to the pharmaceutical, agrochemical, rubber chemical and water treatment industries, among others. It has established a leading position in the domestic market and presence in the international market with a reputation for reliable service and quality products with annual sales of Rupees 965 Crores."
FUJIFILM,3.6,(157 Reviews),Private,Tokyo + 19 more,15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Fujifilm India Private Limited (FFIN), established as a wholly owned subsidiary of FUJIFILM Holdings Corporation, Tokyo on 4th Dec 2007, is best known for its world class cutting edge solutions in Photo Imaging, Medical Products, Graphic Arts, Recording Media and Industrial Products. World over, FUJIFILM is the pioneer in imaging technology with 80 years of experience. With all advanced technologies, the company provides solutions in Digital camera, Photo imaging, medical products, graphic arts, life science systems, motion picture films, recording media and industrial products."
HYT Engineering,3.2,(157 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 12 more",46 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Since our inception in the year 1977, we have been dealing with manufacturing & supplying a broad array of Industrial Heavy Duty Special Purpose Machines. Located at Pune, Maharashtra, India, we cater our best quality products to various diverse industries. This range offered by us comprises CNC Under floor Wheel Lathes, CNC Surface Wheel Lathes, Flow Forming Machines, Thread Grinders, Heavy Duty Scrap Grinders, Vertical Turret Lathes, Coach Washing Plants and Rib-Lath Machines.Under the able guidance of our mentor, Mr. Jivraj Teli, we have gained a huge acclamation in the market. He has a strong business acumen and rich experience in the sphere of operation. With his innovative approach and in-depth knowledge in the domain, he has enabled us to reach new heights of success and acquire a large client base in varied Industries like Mechanical, Engineering, Construction and Automotive."
Cremica Food Ind...,4.0,(157 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 28 more",45 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Cremica, a name that has always spelt quality, practical and great tasting food, is fast becoming a household name in India. Its vast array of products has been carefully selected to provide the best food processing industry has to offer. Today, Cremica is known for its unique recipes, health oriented ingredients and state-of-the art standards. Cremica manufactures high quality condiments, Indian Gravies/Curries, Tomato Ketchup, Sauces, Sandwich Spreads, Mayonnaise, Sandwich Mayonnaise, Syrups, Toppings, Salad Dressings, Indian Snack dips, Fruit fillings for cakes, pastries, and Desserts for retail and food service customers."
Global Healthcar...,3.5,(157 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 2 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GHCBP has consistently provided high quality, cost-effective revenue cycle management services to its clients, since 1999. Key strategic services offered by us include medical billing, coding, accounts receivable management, etc. Streamlined revenue cycle management services, steadily improved over the years, constantly updated, after review and analysis ensure flawless execution, and excellent service delivery.Quality is a vital driving factor and we are conceited to be certified as ISO 9001:2008 compliant by ANAB (ANSI-ASQ National Accreditation Board), the most respectable accreditation board in United States. We leverage our domain expertise in multiple specialties and have vast experience in different Practice Management Software to ensure quicker cash flows. At GHCBP, we take immense pride in offering superior, cost-effective solutions covering the whole gamut of tasks and processes for the healthcare industry. We are a leading organization offering a broad spectrum of Healthcare Solutions across all kinds of providers, with the capacity to effectively cater to different needs."
Prism Johnson Li...,4.1,(157 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 45 more,27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Prism Johnson Limited is an integrated Building Materials Company, offering a wide range of building materials from cement, aggregates, ready-mixed concrete, tiles, and bath products to kitchens. The Company has three Divisions, viz. Prism RMC, Cement Division, and H & R Johnson (India). Prism Johnson Limited also has a 74% stake in Raheja QBE General Insurance Company Limited, a JV with QBE Group of Australia.

Prism RMC is one of India’s leading ready-mixed concrete manufacturers, set-up in 1996. Prism RMC currently operates 97 ready-mixed concrete plants in 44 cities/towns across the Country. Prism RMC has also ventured into the Aggregates business and operates large Quarries and Crushers. At present, Prism RMC has 5 Quarries across the country. Prism RMC has been at the forefront in setting high standards for plant and machinery, production and quality systems and product services in the ready-mixed concrete industry

Prism Cement commenced production at its Unit I in August, 1997 and scaled up capacity with Unit II in December, 2010. It manufactures Portland Pozzolana Cement (PPC) with the brand name 'Champion' and premium quality grade of cement under ‘Champion Plus’ and ‘DURATECH’ brand. Prism Cement has the highest quality standards due to efficient plant operations with modern state of the art automated controls. It caters mainly to markets of Eastern UP, MP and Bihar, with an average lead distance of 395 kms for cement from its plant at Satna, MP. It has a wide marketing network with about 4,250 dealers serviced from ~170 stock points. Visit us at www.prismcement.com"
Anunta Technolog...,3.6,(157 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 10 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Anunta is a highly specialized cloud services company, focused on end-user experience management in enterprise environments. Since our inception in 2012, we have been guided by a single overarching mission – to help enterprises move to new generation End-User Computing (EUC) environments and to manage them in a way that puts end-user experience at the center of everything.
Unlike traditional IT companies which talk in the language of data centers, networks, devices and measure performance by device uptimes and incident response times, our EUC solutions focus solely on the availability of business applications for the end-user. We typically improve this from the earlier levels of 85% – 90% to above 99.99% among all our clients.

We recognize that the modern work environment has changed beyond recognition in the last 5 years. Anunta is the only VDI/DAAS provider offering assured application delivery to today’s workforce – with any time, any device, and anywhere access.
Anunta’s founding team honed its skills delivering business-critical applications to global teams reliably and securely across multiple industries, in scenarios where revenues are instantly linked to application availability. This has enabled us to build deep domain expertise around designing, building and managing user-centric, high-availability application delivery architectures. For us, flexibility, customization and delivering unmatched end-user experiences are key to our core value proposition.

Our deep domain expertise in the full range of end-user virtualization technologies and track record of transforming and managing 80,000+ endpoints across 120,000+ users since 2012, make us the partner of choice for leading OEMs."
TransUnion,4.3,(157 Reviews),Private,"Chicago,Illinois + 3 more",55 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"TransUnion is a global information and insights company that makes trust possible between businesses and consumers, by ensuring that each consumer is reliably represented in the marketplace.

We do this by having an actionable and robust picture of each person.

This picture is grounded in our foundation as a credit reporting agency which enables us to tap into both credit and public record data; our data fusion methodology that helps us link, match, and tap into the awesome combined power of that data; and our knowledgeable and passionate team, who stewards the information with expertise, and in accordance with local legislation around the world.

Because of our work, organizations can better understand consumers in order to make more informed decisions and earn their trust through great, personalized experiences, and the proactive extension of the right opportunities, tools, and offers. In turn, consumers can be confident that their data identities will result in the opportunities they deserve.

We make trust possible, so businesses and consumers can transact with confidence and achieve great things. We call this Information for Good®—it’s our purpose, and what drives us every day."
Cure foods,4.4,(187 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 14 more",7 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At cult.fit, we make group workouts fun, daily food healthy & tasty, mental fitness easy with yoga & meditation, and medical & lifestyle care hassle-free. #BeBetterEveryDay"
Light & Wonder,4.0,(172 Reviews),Private,"Las Vegas,Nevada + 5 more",50 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are now Light & Wonder – Global Leader in Gaming experience!
Light & Wonder (formerly known as Scientific Games) creates technology-based products and content for land-based casino gaming, and social and digital organizations worldwide. We create content, hardware, and systems that connect iconic titles across any place or channel. By turning games into expansive entertainment, we keep thrilling players with characters and stories they can’t get enough of."
A-1 Fence Produc...,3.9,(159 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 11 more,25 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"A-1 Fence started its journey in 1998 in Mumbai, India. The company’s foundations were built on to revolutionise the fencing market by providing high quality & innovative perimeter security solutions. A-1 Fence started off by manufacturing and exporting concertina coils and with persistence & commitment towards customer satisfaction, we experienced exponential growth in global markets with a wide range of product offerings. We strive hard to provide best solutions in perimeter security, demarcation, road safety and soil conservation and stabilization. Our fences are protecting a wide range of perimeters like international borders, government infrastructures, industries & factories, roads & highways, farmlands, commercial & residential buildings etc. We offer end-to-end support for installation and maintenance in more than 50 countries worldwide like India, GCC countries, America, UK, Australia, Spain, France, Guatemala, Poland, etc. A-1 Fence’s operations are spread over six manufacturing units – Khopoli (Maharashtra, India), Umbergaon (Gujarat, India), Silvassa (UT of India), Jammu (J&K, India), Buraimi (Oman) & Dubai (UAE). 
A-1’s commitment to high quality & certified products has laid the foundation for producing sustainable & user centered products which makes our customers' life easier.
A-1 Fence's Employee Value Proposition: 
“We welcome what's unique to you with a willingness to explore possibilities backed by umpteen levels of trust to help you grow into the leader you want to be. We at A-1 believe in aligned and mutual growth, you grow with A-1. We welcome passion for excellence fulfilled by an appetite for learning. Your knowledge is crucial to us and our knowledge will be crucial for you. With our non-hierarchical ways of working and a can-do attitude we seek excellence through experiential learning. We understand your genuine mistakes when we see your willingness to learn and grow from it. We believe in the wellbeing of all our employees and at all times. We place high regards towards your and your family's needs, care and wellbeing by living our Core Values as promised and flexible policies.
Come join the A-1 family and help us create mutual growth bonded with trust and understanding.”"
Anglo-Eastern Sh...,4.0,(156 Reviews),Private,Kowloon + 8 more,49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Anglo-Eastern is a leading global provider of ship management services. We have been working with shipowners and our clients for over 40 years, driven by our passion for ships. We are committed and engage in all areas of ship management, crew management and technical services for all types and sizes of ships.

Anglo-Eastern sets the bar in ship management and we do not compromise on quality. We work with our clients through open and honest dialogue, as building trust is central to what we do.

We set high standards across all aspects of our business and continuously invest to surpass them."
Innova Solutions,3.7,(156 Reviews),Private,"Santa Clara,California + 11 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Innova is a global information technology, managed services provider. The company is privately held with employees and locations in the US, India, Taiwan and Singapore.Whether it is onboarding a new service, embracing a new consumer device or rolling out a Business Innovation, Innova Solutions will empower your Enterprise to transition to new technologies, embrace new service delivery models and enhance the business value provided by IT.Innova provides a full spectrum of services to plan, prep and execute a data center migration and the development of workloads that can be moved to… or in-between, cloud service providers."
Damco Solutions,3.5,(156 Reviews),Private,"Princeton,New Jersey + 14 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Damco Solutions is the trusted technology partner of businesses worldwide enabling them to leverage IT as a strategic asset. Empowered by technology expertise, immaculate execution capabilities, and unwavering focus on the customer needs; we have been able to nurture success in multiple technologies and verticals. We have developed hundreds of products and applications, redefined countless processes, built numerous technology teams and systems, and delivered significant financial results to our customers. We have been fortunate to work across various verticals and industry leaders amongst them and have gained experience of most complex business environments.We at Damco Solutions believe that “Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication” and always strive to build scalable technology solutions which fulfill the requirements of our customers in the agilest and simplest of ways. With multiple offices spread across regions, we are an international business. But with our local engagement teams and delivery models, we remain agile, approachable, and adaptable. Our teams work across the globe, round-the-clock. Now for over two decades, we have been a steadfast company with strong and result-oriented global delivery network focused on your success."
InfoBeans,4.1,(156 Reviews),Public,"Indore,Madhya Pradesh + 1 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Whether you want to stay at the forefront of innovation, or simply solve a challenging problem for your enterprise,  we have the right temperament and the skill sets to help you achieve your business goals through technology.

Our clients, many among the world’s largest, are a testimony to the focus that InfoBeans brings in making them successful in their endeavour to widen revenue streams, achieve cost efficiency and enhance customers’ experience. 

Our highly passionate team members across our state-of-the-art offices in the USA, Germany, UAE and India are differentiated by the passion to deliver outcomes for all our global clients in their Digital Transformation and Product Engineering journeys. 

Our values are simple and the foundation of our culture stands on four pillars - Excellence, Ownership, Compassion, and Openness. Be it managing team expectations or managing customer experience; every process is led by our cultural pillars that are at the core of each aspect of the business. 

Fun is in our DNA - we are a team of passionate leaders who celebrate the diversity that fuels our creativity and innovation. Our team members enjoy an open culture, flat hierarchy, and are happy to be working in an environment of trust and care for one another. 

We are proud to have been awarded ""Great Place to Work"" and ""Dream Companies to Work For"" multiple times. We are consistently ranked amongst the top 50 IT/ITES mid-tier firms in India and have been recognized as the best under various categories in numerous government and private forums.

InfoBeans is listed on the National Stock Exchange in India. In its 21st year of growth, InfoBeans is built on a solid foundation of people, finances, and processes with an intense focus on Creative WOW in everything we do. InfoBeans' founders have consistently practiced fiscal prudence to make it a financially robust organization.

Reach out to us via email, phone, or social media to know more about how we can give wings to your ambitions of a truly digital enterprise."
Satguru Travels ...,3.5,(156 Reviews),Private,Dubai + 21 more,34 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Commenced its operation in the year 1989, Satguru Travel was established in Kigali (East Africa). Understanding the significance of journeys, we have made our presence over more than 61 countries worldwide. We are counted among the leading travel companies of Africa, having a turnover of over USD 1.2 Billion as a group, 3,284 happy employees and numerous satisfied customers. Headquartered in Dubai, Satguru Travel is the first travel service provider in Ivory Coast (Côte d’Ivoire), Togo, Burundi and Niger. Though we offer travel solutions worldwide, strong foothold in Africa and we promote its unique and extensive wildlife. Offering services for adventurous Wildlife Safaris is among our USP’s. We have a 360-degree any to all your travel related questions and problems. Moving ahead with a sole purpose to transform the way of traveling, we are offering unique range of services to our clients. With our smart travel portal, we ensure that our customers have an access to the best-in-class booking technology, smart analytics, worldwide partnerships and impeccable client servicing. We are proud to provide our clients with end-to-end services that allow them to have stress-free travel across the globe. Some of our services include organized planning, hotels and accommodation, corporate travel, car rentals, visa and insurance. In order to make our services suitable for every customer, we strive to inculcate comprehensive and extensive research, before offering."
Icertis,3.9,(156 Reviews),Private,"Bellevue,Washington",14 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"With unmatched technology and category-defining innovation, Icertis pushes the boundaries of what’s possible with contract lifecycle management (CLM). The AI-powered, analyst-validated Icertis Contract Intelligence (ICI) platform turns contracts from static documents into strategic advantage by structuring and connecting the critical contract information that defines how an organization runs. Today, the world’s most iconic brands and disruptive innovators trust Icertis to fully realize the intent of their combined 10 million+ contracts worth more than $1 trillion, in 40+ languages and 90+ countries."
BARC,4.4,(156 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 17 more",78 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Dr Homi Jehangir Bhabha conceived the nuclear program in India. Dr Bhabha established the TATA Institute of Fundamental Research for carrying out nuclear science research in 1945.To intensify the effort to expliot nuclear energy for the benefit of the nation,Dr Bhabha established the Atomic Energy Establishment,Trombay(AEET) in January 1954 for research program essential for the ambitious nuclear program in India. After the sad demise of Dr Bhabha in 1966,AEET was renamed Bhabha Atomic Research Centre(BARC)."
IIT Madras,4.5,(156 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 3 more,64 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Indian Institute of Technology Madras is one among the foremost institutes of national importance in higher technological education, basic and applied research. In 1956, the German Government offered technical assistance for establishing an institute of higher education in engineering in India. The first Indo-German agreement in Bonn, West Germany for the establishment of the Indian Institute of Technology at Madras was signed in 1959.

The Institute was formally inaugurated in 1959 by Prof. Humayun Kabir, Union Minister for Scientific Research and Cultural Affairs. The IIT system has sixteen Institutes of Technology. The first of these to be instituted are at Kharagpur (estb. 1951), Mumbai (estb. 1958), Chennai (estb. 1959), Kanpur (estb. 1959), Delhi (estb. 1961), Guwahati (estb. 1994) and Roorkee (estb. 1847, joined IITs in 2001).

IIT Madras is a residential institute with nearly 550 faculty, 8000 students and 1250 administrative & supporting staff and is a self-contained campus located in a beautiful wooded land of about 250 hectares. It has established itself as a premier centre for teaching, research and industrial consultancy in the country."
RASI SEEDS,4.3,(156 Reviews),Private,"Salem,Tamil Nadu + 48 more",50 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Rasi Seeds was envisioned by Mr.M.Ramasami, and was initiated in the year 1973 in Attur located in Salem District, India. Rasi Seeds has made rapid advances from seed production and supply ventures to a commendable position in Research and Development (R&D) because of the remarkable service of Mr.R.Krishnamurthy, renowned for his extra long staple superfine cotton variety SUVIN and the popular Medium Staple variety LRA 5166. Having excelled in the Research and Development in cotton seeds, it went on to expand into a multi-crop, multi-location quality research movement and has proved beneficial to the farming community. Our statistics alone stands witness to our quality and success where our R&D product coverage alone measures an impressive figure of over 10 million acres in the past decade. The Company, already well known for its leadership in Bt Cotton is now operating its vegetable seed business under ‘HyVeg” brand. Rasi Group always looks ahead for any opportunities, which result in the betterment of farming community and the industry. In line with the above company earmarked as group activity the cotton yarn spinning mill Rasi Tex (In) P Ltd to realize the dream of a group with end-to-end solution that is right from development of new cotton seeds to Garments. Rasi Group also explores the new trends in the industry like the corporate and contract farming, which will provide a win-win solution to Corporate/Farmer, Spinner, Ginner and Seed Company."
Alghanim Interna...,4.0,(156 Reviews),Private,Kuwait City + 9 more,63 years old,10k-50k Employees (Global),"Alghanim International is one of Kuwait’s most prominent engineering, procurement and construction contracting companies. It is classified by the government as a category 1 contractor, the highest rating, and is certified for ISO 9001:2000. Alghanim International undertakes major Civil, Infrastructure and Power Projects which include Design, Engineering, Procurement, Installation, Commissioning, Operation and Maintenance of Power Stations, Pumping Stations, Oil and Gas Pipelines, Refineries, Desalination Plants, Major Housing Projects, Commercial Buildings, as turnkey EPC Contractor, Prime Contractor and Major Sub-Contractor."
Jaipur Rugs,4.2,(156 Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 9 more",45 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Jaipur is India’s leading and most awarded brand of handmade rugs. Founded in 1978, Jaipur revolutionized the carpet industry by creating an entirely new business model - working directly with artisans and uplifting their lives and communities as a result. Since then, we have grown to become a global, award-winning brand, sharing our unique point of view through our range of home décor products. Everything we do is as meaningful as it is beautiful - in touch with the latest global trends, but grounded in a deeper understanding of life and living spaces. In 1978, Mr. N.K.Chaudhary, Chairman of Jaipur Rugs, initiated his carpet business operations with just two looms and 9 artisans. Today, it has converted into a network of 40,000 artisan spread across 600 villages of India. Starting with a belief in the enormous potential of Indian artisans, he decided to form a company that would showcase this potential to the world, while also upgrading the weaving techniques and lives of the artisans. Headquartered in Jaipur, India and with an international office in Atlanta, USA, Jaipur is committed to pursuing business practices that not only produce beautiful, luxurious carpets, but one that helps its artisans hone their skills in a secure environment. Jaipur presents a selection of over 40 technical variants of rugs woven with the finest yarns. Some quick facts about Jaipur Rugs: • Bimla Devi, a weaver turned designer with Jaipur Rugs journeyed from rural Rajasthan to Frankfurt, Germany to receive the prestigious German Design Award for her rug, Kamal, along with Design Director, Kavita Chaudhary, who brought home the GDA 2018 Gold Award for her rug, Asthai. Till date, Jaipur Rugs is the only Indian brand to bring home GDA awards three years in a row. • After winning the prestigious German Design Award 2016 Jaipur Rugs has garnered German Design Award 2017 (Special Mention: Excellent Product Design), second time in a row. • Won the TiE QGLUE, Design-Led Entrepreneurship Award 2017. The award was announced jointly by TiE and QGLUE (the design venture of QAI). • Won the German Design Award 2016 (Special mention: Product Excellence) and a winner of over 20 awards in the last 5 years for product design and social impact. • Ongoing international collaborations with world-class designers and institutions including: Kavi (India), Kate Spade (US), Jenny Jones (Australia), Luli Sanchez (US), The Museum of New Mexico & National Geographic (US) • Successfully trained and registered more than 40,000 Artisans, working on 7000 looms across 600 Indian villages • A global customer base in more than 45 countries around the world."
Presto Infosolut...,4.0,(156 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 37 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Presto Infosolutions a leading System Integrator, is committed to provide Quality Information Lifecycle Management, Video Conferencing and Surveillance, IT Consulting and Implementation services to the customers while helping them achieve competitive edge through the use of Information Technology. Our team of Consultants are on the cusp of emerging technologies that help customers lower overall costs and improve productivity. Through the utilization of a rigorous methodology. Presto balances the requirement for innovation with the discipline required for superior results. Our competency is in architecting and deploying secure Enterprise Networks, Data Centre and Video Integration Solutions, Command and Control Centers that consolidates, integrates and enables management of information for mission critical applications."
APOLLO POWER SYS...,4.2,(156 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 7 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Apollo Power Systems Pvt. Ltd. has been a channel partner of Kohler Power Systems, in India for over 10 years. Kohler is a renowned global leader in the power industry. Apollo Power Systems Pvt. Ltd. being aware of the benefits of ISO Certification has demonstrated the effectiveness of QMS successfully and hence got the accreditation for QMS – ISO 9001:2008 certification. For over 25 years, Apollo Power Systems is known for its reliability, dependability and to enhance value for its customers through its highly cost-effective solutions. As a multi-disciplinary organization with complementing business verticals, Apollo Power Systems Pvt. Ltd. offers end-to-end power solutions in the industry. The entire gamut of energy & power solution from power sanction and liaison with concerned Government departments to the execution of all types of electrical work and to operation and maintenance. In simple words, it can be stated that Apollo offers total power solution to customers. We leverage on the expertise of each vertical to offer optimal solutions to effectively meet customer needs.The objective is to truly offer a single point of contact to customers for everything under the gamut of ‘Electricity’. We leverage on the expertise of each vertical to offer optimal solutions to customer needs."
La-Gajjar Machin...,4.2,(156 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 22 more",88 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Water is the lifeline of India. At La-Gajjar, we remain committed to bring this life-giving water from the depths to the surface and take the nation to greater heights with our renowned brand, Varuna Pumps.From a humble beginning in 1935 at Ahmedabad (Gujarat), Varuna Pumps has today evolved to an avant-garde brand of globally acclaimed submersible pumps and open well motors.Our techno-pioneering spirit inspired us the create India’s first oil-based submersible pumps in 1991, an era when no one in India could achieve the same.. We continued our growth and forayed into exports in 2003 and into the manufacturing of Stainless Steel Pumps in 2009. As our India-presence and global growth continues to achieve newer heights, we deliver new-age engineering solutions to make water more accessible for the nation and the world.In our quest for growth, we have kept an unflinching eye on quality standards in our ISO 9001 accredited production facility. Our Star rated pumps are approved by the Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE) and also have CE and ISI certification.Today, Varuna Pumps is creating new benchmarks with an annual production capacity of half million pumps, a pan-India presence with 20 branches and over 20 distributors, an export network spread across 50+ countries and an unmatched experience of eight decades. And as always, we will continue to create a pressure free world for our customers bringing water to them and making the world prosperous"
Ferromatik Milac...,4.0,(156 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 7 more",139 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Milacron is a global leader in the manufacture, distribution, and service of highly engineered and customized systems within the $27 billion plastic technology and processing industry. We are the only global company with a full-line product portfolio that includes hot runner systems, injection molding, blow molding, and extrusion equipment. We maintain strong market positions across these products, as well as leading positions in process control systems, mold bases and components, maintenance, repair and operating (“MRO”) supplies for plastic processing equipment and fluid technology. Our strategy is to deliver highly customized equipment, components and service to our customers throughout the lifecycle of their plastic processing technology systems.

We serve the market through three segments: Advanced Plastic Processing Technologies (“APPT”), Melt Delivery and Control Systems (“MDCS”) and Fluid Technologies (“Fluids”). Our APPT segment designs, manufactures and sells injection, extrusion, and blow molding equipment, co-injection systems and related parts and services. Our MDCS segment designs, manufactures and sells hot runner and process control systems, mold bases and components, and sells MRO supplies. Hot runner systems are custom-designed for each product a customer manufactures on an injection molding machine. Our Fluids segment is a global manufacturer of synthetic and semi-synthetic lubricants and coolants used in various industrial metalworking applications. We serve a diverse range of industries and have longstanding relationships with many of our over 27,000 customers and leading market shares in North America and in emerging markets, including China and India."
Unique Identific...,4.3,(156 Reviews),Public,New Delhi + 52 more,14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) is a statutory authority established under the provisions of the Aadhaar (Targeted Delivery of Financial and Other Subsidies, Benefits and Services) Act, 2016 (“Aadhaar Act 2016”) on 12 July 2016 by the Government of India, under the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY). The Aadhaar Act 2016 has been amended by the Aadhaar and Other Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019 (14 of 2019) w.e.f. 25.07.2019.

Prior to its establishment as a statutory authority, UIDAI was functioning as an attached office of the then Planning Commission (now NITI Aayog) vide its Gazette Notification No.-A-43011/02/2009-Admn.I) dated 28th January, 2009. Later, on 12 September 2015, the Government revised the Allocation of Business Rules to attach the UIDAI to the Department of Electronics & Information Technology (DeitY) of the then Ministry of Communications and Information Technology.

UIDAI was created with the objective to issue Unique Identification numbers (UID), named as ""Aadhaar"", to all residents of India. The UID had to be (a) robust enough to eliminate duplicate and fake identities, and (b) verifiable and authenticable in an easy, cost-effective way. The first UID number was issued on 29 September 2010 to a resident of Nandurbar, Maharashtra. The Authority has so far issued more than 124 crore Aadhaar numbers to the residents of India.

Under the Aadhaar Act 2016, UIDAI is responsible for Aadhaar enrolment and authentication, including operation and management of all stages of Aadhaar life cycle, developing the policy, procedure and system for issuing Aadhaar numbers to individuals and perform authentication and the security of identity information and authentication records of individuals."
Bombay Dyeing,3.8,(156 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 20 more",144 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Since the first store in 1879 and the only store manager, the growth has not only been in our presence, but also in of how much we offer today. Stylish linens, towels, home furnishings, leisure clothing, kids wear and a whole blissful range of other products are now available across 350+ exclusive Bombay Dyeing Retail or 2000+ Multi-brand stores.
All products come with our hallmark finish, great textures, detailed design to match the latest trends and fine quality which has been synonymous with Bombay Dyeing for over a century. Delivering the bet designer products at an outstanding value for money has always been our motto and forte."
Welspun Enterpri...,4.0,(156 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",47 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"A US$ 2.7 billion enterprise, Welspun Group is one of India’s fastest-growing global conglomerates with businesses in Line Pipes, Home Textiles, Steel, Infrastructure, Retail, Flooring Solutions, and Warehousing. Headquartered in Mumbai, India, Welspun Group’s core manufacturing facilities are based in India, the USA, and Saudi Arabia.

Welspun Group has made its mark within the Line Pipe and Home Textiles sector to become one of the most recognized global leaders. The Group has a strong foothold in over 50 countries with 26,000+ employees. It is also the largest Home Textiles supplier to 18 of the top 30 US retailers in the home textiles sector."
Cargo Service Ce...,3.3,(156 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 7 more,29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),CSC is the leading provider of airport ground handling in India with over two decades of industry experience. Our dedicated team of industry experts and skilled field personnel ensures reliable and efficient service round the clock.
Path Infotech,4.2,(156 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 5 more",32 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We began our journey in 1991 and have come thus far actively engaging with customers across the globe, analyzing and understanding their business needs and supporting them continually to improve their systems and processes.

As a preferred Technology Partner, Path offer innovative, cost-effective, end-to-end business solutions and services that are customizable, upgradeable and scalable. We have a good blend of Sector Specific (Vertical) and Function Specific (Horizontal) solutions and services— from Cloud Services, Mobility, Analytics, Enterprise Technology, Managed Services, to System Integration.

Our offerings drive business effectiveness and efficiency while striving for innovation, flexibility, and integration with technology. Our ISO 9001 and ISO 27001 certifications and appraisal at CMMI Maturity Level 3 – reflects our strong core values and business ethics.

Whatever be the IT challenge your organization is facing, we are there for you. Our holistic approach will help you leverage your strengths, make optimum use of technology and gain competitive advantage without ever compromising on quality."
Apollo Gleneagle...,3.9,(156 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"A 700-bedded multispecialty tertiary care hospital – Apollo Gleneagles Hospitals Kolkata, is a perfect blend of technological excellence, complete infrastructure, competent care and heartfelt hospitality - this is how the people, whom we have been fortunate to serve, define the hospital.Apollo Gleneagles Hospitals is a joint venture of Apollo Group of Hospitals, India and Parkway Health of Singapore.The Parkway Group is a leading healthcare group in Asia. It provides more than 70% of private healthcare in Singapore. Its subsidiaries include Parkway Group Healthcare, which owns a network of regional hospitals and medical centers in Malaysia, India and Brunei; and Parkway Hospitals Singapore, which owns three hospitals in Singapore - East Shore, Gleneagles, Mount Elizabeth Hospitals and Parkway Health Day surgery Centre."
Flipspaces,4.2,(156 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 11 more",12 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Flipspaces is a Virtual- Reality-Tech-based design and contracting venture that aims at disrupting the way consumers design and execute the interiors of their spaces. At the core of the venture is a path-breaking technology product which gamifies the interior- designing experience for the consumer putting the control of interior-design in the hands of the consumer. Combined with our contracting arm which consists of our own product manufacturing capabilities and curated vendors network, we come in as end-to-end design to execution partner for companies looking to build their office, builders looking to differentiate their residential or commercial projects or players in the managed working space market."
IMC,4.0,(156 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 30 more",88 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"IMC Group (IMC) was incorporated as the Indian Molasses Company in the year 1935, primarily for import and export of molasses. IMC is in the business of liquid bulk and dry cargo port-based terminals, operations and maintenance services and international trading for over seven decades.Liquid Bulk Terminals - Storage NetworkIMC currently offers storage for bulk liquid at kandla, Pipavav, JNPT, Mumbai, Goa, Karwar, Mangalore, Cochin, Chennai, Ennore, Kakinada, Vizag, Kolkata and Haldia Ports. The combined capacity is in excess of 1 million kilo liters for storage petroleum products, liquefied gases, petrochemicals, acids and vegetable oils. At Kandla, IMC is operating a liquefied gas terminal for storing butadiene and compatible gases. This expertise in handling hazardous and non-hazardous liquids has enabled the company to serve a wide range of customers including public sector companies, traders and multinational corporations.At IMC, quality, safety, health and environmental protection are of prime concern. IMC´s Mangalore, Mumbai, JNPT, Goa, Karwar, Ennore, Kandla, Budge Budge and Handia terminals are certified for Quality Management System under ISO 9001:2008 standards by Det Norske vertas. Efforts are on to secure certification for other terminals in the near future."
CapeStart,4.7,(156 Reviews),"Cambridge,MA + 1 more",9 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Headquartered in Cambridge, MA, USA, with operations in Nagercoil & Chennai, India, CapeStart is a global software development firm and the largest MNC in Kanyakumari District, employing over 500 employees. 

We are a full-fledged team of skilled data analysts, data scientists, and software developers. CapeStart boasts an extensive line of clients worldwide, across a wide array of sectors that includes, but are not limited to healthcare, telecom, financial services, retail, and legal industries. From complex data annotation, Al data preparation, machine learning, and AI model development to software development services, CapeStart could be your one-stop solution for your customized needs."
AppInventiv Tech...,3.9,(156 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 2 more",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Appinventiv is a leading global App Development Company that's Empowering Disruptive Startups & Fortune 500 companies in bridging the gap between Ideas and Reality through innovative Mobile solutions. We have a talented team of 500+ Mobility experts, who have successfully Designed, Developed & Delivered more than 900+ Mobile Apps globally in just 5 years. 

Breaking all growth records, we believe our Work Culture is what drives us and made all this possible to have emerged as one of the most trusted & fastest growing company in the Industry."
Aptean,3.5,(174 Reviews),Private,"Alpharetta,Georgia + 1 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At Aptean, we know our clients’ industries inside and out. And every day, we use this expertise to create hyper-niche software solutions that enhance your operational efficiency—and drive measurable results for your business."
iBall,3.6,(155 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 35 more",22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"iBall is an Indian consumer electronics company owned by Anil Parasrampuria, Varun Daga & Shreans Daga headquartered in Mumbai, India, which imports computer peripherals, smartphones and tablets from original equipment manufacturers. iBall started operations in September 2001, initially selling computer mice"
AGI Glaspac,4.0,(155 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 3 more,51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"HSIL Ltd., Packaging Products Divison, AGI glaspac (better known as AGI) established in the year 1972, are engaged in the manufacture of high quality glass containers to meet the stringent and demanding quality standards for the packaging needs of Food, Pharmaceuticals, Soft Drinks, Spirits, Beer, Wine and other industries.

With in-house Design Studio, Mold Manufacturing, ACL (Applied Ceramic Labeling) facilities, AGI has fully integrated operations, which enables the manufacture of quality products as well as timely deliveries.

Our customer base comprises host of Multinational companies as well as large Indian companies, catering to various business segments. Apart from the Indian market, our products are shipped to North America, Europe, Africa as well as APAC regions.

Today, AGI has positioned itself as one of the leading container glass manufacturer in the country. With two state of the art manufacturing facilities, one in Hyderabad and the other at Bhongir (Telangana) both strategically located in South – Central India, where key raw materials are available in abundance and the shipping of finish goods by road, rail as well as by sea (through ICD) is extremely cost effective. With Hyderabad and Bhongir facilities put together, AGI melts 1600+ tonnes of glass per day."
Onida,3.7,(155 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 41 more,42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mirc Electronics commenced its journey in 1981. Starting with a goal of manufacturing televisions sets, it transformed into a complete consumer durable company with a wide product portfolio including Flat panel TVs (LED LCD TVs), Air Conditioners, Washing Machines, Microwave Ovens, DVD Home Theatre systems, Mobile phones, Projector systems and LED lights.

Onida has been an enduring brand in the Indian Consumer Durable space, and has won the trust of millions of consumers with its high quality products. Being an Indian company, the company understands the unique requirements of the Indian consumer – more than any other company does. This has found expression in so many of the innovative products that have been launched over the years. This understanding of the consumer is one of the core strengths of the company that has enabled it to compete in the market.

In the annals of Indian advertising, Onida enjoys a storied past. The advertisements that Onida brought out broke all conventions and are a defining feature of the organisation. The company created amongst the most powerful icons in advertising, the Onida Devil, and amongst the most memorable taglines, ‘Neighbour’s envy. Owner’s pride.’

Mirc has world class manufacturing facilies at Wada (Maharashtra) and Roorkee (Uttrakhand) with a capacity of over 3.4 Million Televisions and 2.4 lakhs Washing Machines respectively.

With a Maverick leadership team, Onida has become a torch-bearer for consumer-centric innovations and unconventional communication.

Onida has often been voted as the top most trusted consumer durable brand in India – a reflection of its continued success."
Concorde Motors,4.4,(155 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 11 more",51 years old,501-1k Employees (Global),"Concorde Motors India Ltd is a Facilities Services company located in 9/8, Dairy Circle, Hosur Road Opp. Christ College, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India."
Forbes & Company,4.0,(155 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 16 more,258 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Our story goes back to the year 1767 when John Forbes of Aberdeenshire, Scotland started his business in India. Forbes & Company Limited, then, engaged in manufacturing, trading, and shipping.We have come a long way since inception, diversifying into several businesses and earning international acclaim. Our strengths lie in multiple domains such as manufacturing precision tools, marking and coding solutions, industrial automation solutions, water, and air purification systems, home security solutions, payment solutions, realty, and shipping. Today, we are present in more than 26 countries."
E2logy Software ...,4.9,(155 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 1 more",18 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"E2logy does custom mobile apps, web applications & websites development. It is headquartered in Ahmedabad, India with clients around the globe. E2logy was ranked in Deloitte Tech Fast 50 India and Tech Fast Asia Pacific in 2011 and has ISO 9001, ISO 27001 and ISO 20000 certifications.  Some of its clients include Polaris Industries, MacMillan Publishers, Northwestern University,  Sabre Hospitality, Hamelin Brands, PlayPower, ITDC, Landmark Group along with various startup ventures."
ASUS,4.4,(155 Reviews),Private,"Beitou District,Taipei + 36 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ASUS is a Taiwan-based, multinational computer hardware and consumer electronics company that was established in 1989. Dedicated to creating products for today’s and tomorrow’s smart life, ASUS is the world’s No. 1 motherboard and gaming brand as well as a top-three consumer notebook vendor.
ASUS became widely known in North America when it revolutionized the PC industry in 2007 with its Eee PC™. Today, the company is pioneering new mobile trends with the ASUS ZenFone™ series, and it is rapidly developing virtual and augmented reality products as well as IOT devices and robotics technologies. Most recently, ASUS introduced Zenbo, a smart home robot designed to provide assistance, entertainment, and companionship to families.
In 2015 and 2016, Fortune magazine recognized ASUS as one of the World’s Most Admired Companies, and for the past four years Interbrand has ranked ASUS Taiwan’s most valuable international brand. The company has more than 17,000 employees, including a world-class R&D team. Driven by innovation and committed to quality, ASUS won 4,385 awards and earned approximately US$13.3 billion in revenue in 2016."
Jubilant Biosys,4.1,(155 Reviews),Private,Noida + 7 more,23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Jubilant Biosys Ltd is a part of the Jubilant Life Sciences family of companies with R&D centers in India and business offices in Asia and North America. With our global reach, Jubilant Biosys provides comprehensive drug discovery services and contract research services–from target discovery to candidate selection and with flexible business models (FFS, FTE and risk shared)–in partnership with leading worldwide healthcare companies."
Miracle Software...,3.3,(155 Reviews),Private,Novi + 5 more,29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Miracle Software Systems, Inc , founded in 1994, is a Global Systems Integrator specializing in ERP/ BPM (EAI/SOA) / B2B / Digital Experience Technologies and is a Minority Certified Private Business headquartered in Novi, MI – USA. Over the past twenty five years, Miracle has helped numerous large and mid-sized businesses transition their IT to a Service Oriented Architecture, with IT Transformation Initiatives, deploying SAP / Oracle ERP Systems. Miracle has a global presence on four continents with multiple Global Development Centers spanning across the USA, Canada and India. Today, Miracle’s team includes 2600 IT Professionals with a projected targeted expansion to 3000 by the end of 2020.

Whether it is Internal Application to Application(A2A/EAI) Integration, Process Integration(BPM), Process Integration, or Business to Business Integration using EDI / Web Services, API Management, Machine to Machine (M2M) Communications, Internet of Things(IOT), Cloud Integration or Mobile Application Integration, Miracle is the Systems Integrator of Choice and the Thought Leader in this industry. Miracle has been and continues to be a leader in the niche space of Business Integration and SOA services over the past 21 Years with Premier Partnerships with companies such as SAP, IBM, Oracle and Microsoft."
Faiveley Transpo...,4.1,(155 Reviews),Private,Pittsburgh + 11 more,154 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Faiveley Transport has been acquired by Wabtec Corporation.

Wabtec is a leading supplier of critical components, locomotives, services, signaling and logistics systems and services to the global rail industry. We're focused on driving ongoing safety, innovation, efficiency, reliability, and productivity. With best-in-class manufacturing facilities, unmatched digital expertise, always-on global services delivery, and unrivaled product breadth and performance, Wabtec is the rail industry’s one-stop shop.

Today, we meet the total lifecycle needs of the entire fleet, from new locomotives to modernizations, service, and repairs, adding value at every touchpoint to help customers realize the most value from their investment. To best address the business needs of our rail customers, we offer a variety of products and services through our Freight and Transit segments."
Ace Designers,4.0,(155 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 3 more",44 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Ace Designers, led by three experienced design engineers and powered by a dynamic team of more than 500 members is one of India’s largest machine tool manufacturing companies. With a spread of over 50000 square meters, its manufacturing plants, located in Bangalore, India, are equipped with state of the art technology to deliver large scale high quality products.Ace Designers, was founded in 1979 as a design-consulting firm. Initially, the team developed product designs for various machine tools including special purpose machines. Three years hence, in 1982, Ace stepped into the world of manufacturing with a range of special purpose import substitution machines for the I. C. Engine valve Industry."
Mkc Infrastructu...,3.4,(155 Reviews),Public,Anjar + 18 more,60 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"MKC involve in almost the entire spectrum of Infrastructure activities in India and specifically in India’s most Development Zone Gujarat. Since More than three decades, MKC is the leader by delivering its services in the major areas of Urban Development, Dams, Bridges, Metro Works and other general Civil Engineering of Roads, Bridges, water supply pipeline works, Railway works, Industrial buildings, Commercial complexes, High-rise buildings, and Residential complexes.

MKC is one of the leading and premier construction company actively engaged in large scale projects and specialized nature of construction with enormous resources and experience related to Roads and building projects etc. MKC has been working on most difficult, inaccessible & remote areas under all Climates and circumstances and has completed the projects just in time with maintaining quality and to the entire satisfaction of our clients.

We are proud to be India’s partner in developing some of the world’s most modern infrastructure. Our strength remains our people – highly qualified, professional, passionate and dedicated towards our company’s growth."
Anand Rathi: Onl...,4.0,(155 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 32 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Anand Rathi is a leading full service investment bank founded in 1994 offering a wide range of financial services and wealth management solutions to institutions, corporations, high–net worth individuals and families. The firm has rapidly expanded its footprint to over 350 locations across India with international presence in Dubai , Hong Kong & New York. Founded by Mr. Anand Rathi and Mr. Pradeep Gupta, the group today employs over 2,500 professionals through out India and its international offices.

The firm’s philosophy is entirely client centric, with a clear focus on providing long term value addition to clients, while maintaining the highest standards of excellence, ethics and professionalism. The entire firm activities are divided across distinct client groups: Individuals, Private Clients, Corporate and Institutions. AnandRathi has been named The Best Domestic Private Bank in India by Asiamoney in their Fifth Annual Private Banking Poll 2009. The firm has emerged a winner across all key segments in Asiamoney’s largest survey of high net worth individuals in India. 

As Investment Services Group, we cater to financial needs of Individual clients. Keeping this in mind and to serve our clients with more focused approach, we have categorized our clients into two distinct categories: Privilege and Preferred.

Privilege - our esteemed customers who come to us for availing specific product and service. Product requirement is predefined and they just cherry pick from our wide range of offerings.

Preferred - our valued customers to whom we offer customized financial planning solution through detail client profiling and taking holistic approach by considering the investments across asset classes. Here, investments are strategically planned to meet financial goals throughout their life and beyond generations."
ShopX,4.3,(155 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 26 more",8 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"ShopX is India’s fastest growing B2B e-commerce platform that provides significant benefits to retailers across India. Founded in 2015 by Amit Sharma and Apoorva Jois, the company is on a mission to organize commerce through technology to make it accessible and valuable to everyone. ShopX deeply values the long-term sustainable, economic and social impact that it can have in emerging economies like India. ShopX’s proprietary technology, when partnered with a retailer, transforms the retailer into a technology-enabled platform that allows him to service his many customers in more engaging ways. The retailer has access to new products, new services, and platform services through ShopX app. ShopX has empowered 1.7Lakh+ retail partners across 440+ towns in 24 states, serving more than 8 million customers. The company is helping to expand the overall addressable digital commerce market size significantly."
Stelis Biopharma,3.6,(155 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 1 more",10 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Stelis Biopharma Pvt. Ltd. (Stelis) is a fully vertically integrated biopharmaceutical company. Operations include R&D, process development and scale-up and end-to-end cGMP manufacturing capabilities from microbial Drug Substance manufacture through Drug Product manufacture in all formats and packaging."
Cloud4C,3.5,(155 Reviews),Private,Singapore + 2 more,9 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Cloud4C, a CtrlS Group Company, offers high-availability services through its high-grade data centers, expertise on hyperscalers, support for hybrid clouds, multi availability zones and four-way disaster recovery architecture, with a zero data loss guarantee backed by SLAs. It has enhanced its cloud management platform to support hybrid cloud environments, with the ability to define security and governance policy across different platforms.

Cloud4C’s Modernization team is equipped with 2000+ cloud experts including professionals certified on Azure, AWS, GCP, Alibaba Cloud, IBM Cloud and Oracle Cloud. It has also enhanced its security capabilities significantly, offering complete life cycle management of security of data and a single SLA from detection to remediation. It supports a wide range of databases, including Oracle, MySQL, MS SQL Server, MongoDB and NoSQL.

With extensive experience in accelerating the Digital Transformation journey for large banks, Cloud4C also launched a community cloud for BFSI sector in India. It is highly secure and meets the requirements of the Reserve Bank of India. Cloud4C has also built a Community Cloud to support enterprise customers looking to transform and migrate their SAP applications which was instantly adopted by numerous customers."
Network 18,4.0,(155 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 17 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Network18 Group is a media and entertainment group with interests in broadcasting, digital, movies, e-commerce, magazines, mobile content and allied businesses. TV18 Broadcast Limited is the broadcasting arm of Network18. TV18 operates India’s largest bouquet of News channels across 15 languages and 26 states; with marquee properties like CNBC-TV18 in Business News and CNN News18 in English News. Through its JV Viacom18, it also operates a portfolio of entertainment channels across genres, including leading premium local and global brands like Colors, Nickelodeon and MTV. Viacom18 also operates OTT platform VOOT, and produces and distributes films through Viacom18 Motion Pictures. Through TV18, the network operates a bouquet of 13 regional news channels under the News18 brand name. TV18 also operates a joint venture with the Lokmat Group which houses the Marathi news channel News18 Lokmat. To cover the global audience & sizable NRI population, TV18 operates News18, a twenty-four hour television news channel designed to give global audiences a window into the world’s largest democracy. TV18’s Infotainment JV AETN18 that operates channels such as History and FYI, and distribution/syndication JV Indiacast complete the bouquet of offerings, making TV18 a full-portfolio broadcast player. Through 'Network18 Media & Investments Ltd.'​, the group operates its digital, publishing and e-commerce assets including moneycontrol, news18, cnbctv18, in and firstpost. Network18 has significant interest in e-commerce property, bookmyshow.com and also publishes Forbes India, the nation's first local edition of a foreign news magazine in collaboration with Forbes Media. The group also publishes magazines such as Overdrive, Better Photography and Better Interiors. Follow this page for all recent updates about the company, perspectives on media and entertainment industry and expect to discover job opportunities that can help you carve a successful career path"
Emerson Electric...,4.0,(155 Reviews),Public,"St Louis,Missouri + 19 more",133 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We help customers in the world’s most essential industries solve the biggest challenges of modern life. Every day, our global workforce fulfills our unified Purpose: We drive innovation that makes the world healthier, safer, smarter and more sustainable.
Our teams across the world are constantly striving to be more connected, forward-looking and customer-focused. Our company values serve as our foundation, informing every decision we make. They are part of a shared vision that keeps us grounded as a company, moving forward together even as the industries we serve continue to shift and transform."
Arya Omnitalk Wi...,4.1,(154 Reviews),Private,Pune + 29 more,21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Arya Omnitalk provides productivity enhancement to organizations managing mobile resources - men, materials, money or machines.Arya Omnitalk's Walky Talky Solutions meet the needs of organizations where immediate and frequent two way communication is critical. Public Utilities, Airlines, Security Services and Oil Refineries are among verticals who find our services indispensable.Largest Walky Talky Services provider in India with 30,000+ radios in operation, 400+ radio channels spread across 14 leading cities.Instant citywide Walky Talky coverage in 14 metros & mini metros. ( Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Ahmedabad, Bharuch, Hyderabad, Indore, Jaipur, Pune, Surat, Vadodara, Vishakhapatnam.)No need to apply for a license. Equip your front-line with Walky Talkies, tomorrow if you wish!Privacy guaranteed with Virtually no cross talk.Free preventive maintenance calls under warranty / AMC & Service at your doorstep.Arya Omnitalk is a market leader in Walky Talky solutions allowing instant 2-way communication between groups of people on a one-to-one & one-to-many basis. Known as Public Mobile Radio Trunking Service (PMRTS), Arya Omnitalk Walky Talkies help you enhance productivity of your field force & improve your bottom-line.Arya Omnitalk's Fleet Management System is a GPS/GPRS based end-to-end solution to enable efficient tracking of trucks, taxis, employee transport, cash vans, police and emergency services.Over a decade of offering GPS tracking solutions for several industry verticals.India’s most reputed GPS Fleet Tracking Co. with more than 75,000 GPS units deployedSales & service presence in more than 15 cities in IndiaIndustry best Service up-time & supportRugged device conforming to military specifications for dust, shock& vibration(MIL 810)IP 65 & Automotive Use Certified GPS deviceCan bus compatible"
Tata Housing Dev...,4.0,(154 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 16 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 1984, TATA Housing is a closely held public limited company and a subsidiary of TATA Sons Limited. TATA Sons Limited holds 99.9% of equity share capital of the company.
Since its revival in late 2006, TATA Housing has evolved into one of the fastest growing real estate development companies in India. With the primary business being development of properties in residential, commercial and retail sectors, the company's operations span across various aspects of real estate development, such as land identification and acquisition, project planning, designing, marketing & sales, project execution, property services and estate management.
The company’s mission as a real estate development company is “to delight customers by providing quality life spaces through continuous innovations”. The core objective of TATA Housing is to create a real estate development business that offers world-class property development skills while maximizing financial returns. The company is recognized for its quality construction, ethical and transparent business practices, and high standards of maintenance of properties. TATA Housing has pioneered the concept of property development by corporates in India.
TATA Housing believes in creating a home or an office based on an understanding of the stated and unstated consumer needs and preferences. The company develops every property only after concentrated and focused market research to determine consumer needs and then the project is designed and implemented according to consumer preferences. TATA Housing today has partnered with internationally acclaimed architects and design consultants. TATA Housing’s projects are built to high quality specifications, instantly making them landmarks. Quality has become synonymous with TATA Housing.
Today, TATA Housing enjoys the unique position of having large in-city real estate properties in major metros and mini metros. Further, the company enjoys the virtue of having huge land banks in Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Gurgaon, Chandigarh and Kolkata and is presently acquiring large land parcels across the country. As a comprehensive real estate developer of choice, TATA Housing straddles across all consumer segments from value housing to luxury housing. By offering products ranging from Rs. 5 lakhs to Rs. 14 crores, the company has a diversified portfolio of more than 70 million sq. ft. under various stages of development. Besides projects under execution, there is a steady pipeline of projects of over 19 million sq. ft.
Going with the TATA ethos and with a vision of catering to low and medium income segments, TATA Housing pioneered the concept of low-cost housing under the banner of TATA Value Homes, a 100% subsidiary launched in 2010, to exclusively cater to the low-cost and affordable housing market. Since then TATA Value Homes is developing landmark integrated and sustainable township projects in various parts of the country.
TATA Housing has taken up the cause of environment by committing to develop certified green buildings, thus, saving energy for the country. The first green development to be executed under this norm was Xylem – Bangalore’s first LEED gold rated green building. Prive in Lonavala is pre-certified platinum rated, while Aquila Heights and Raisina Residency are gold certified green developments by the Indian Green Building Council (IGBC).
Today with a strength of over 700 employees, and presence in Mumbai, Lonavala, Vadgaon (near Talegaon), Pune, Ahmedabad, Goa, Gurgaon, Chandigarh, Bengaluru, Chennai, Kolkata and Bhubaneswar, the company is now in the process of expanding its footprint to other parts of India across tier I and tier II cities. The company has also ventured into foreign markets such as Maldives and is actively considering markets such as Sri Lanka and other south Asian countries."
Gi Group,3.7,(154 Reviews),Private,"Milan,Milan + 33 more",25 years old,51-200 Employees (India),Gi Groupis a major player in the employment market and contribute decisively to its development - Your job our work - Employment agency.
Indchemie Health...,4.0,(154 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 33 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Indchemie Health Specialities Pvt. Ltd” is one of the fastest growing Indian Pharmaceutical company which was established in 1986. Director of the company Mr. M.K.Singh has a dream to establish Indchemie on global platform in various therapeutic segments. Indchemie started its Global Operations, way back and now the products are available in South East Asia, Central America, East Europe, Africa and Latin America. Indchemie has very strong back up of Highly knowledgeable Regulatory team and as a result Indchemie has filed Dossiers in Regulated, Semi Regulated and Non Regulated Markets."
Asia-Pacific Ins...,4.5,(154 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 4 more",27 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Established in 1996, Located in the Heart of Delhi (South Delhi), with an infrastructure, & location par excellence, boasting of a full time faculty strength of 40 (who are mostly PhDs), having a 100% placement track record for the last 22 years, excellent corporate tie-ups - the Institute has been ranked 5th amongst the top B-schools in North India* ('Business Today - MDRA'​ Best Business School 2014, Survey)"
Gaja Engineering,4.1,(154 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 20 more,12 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"GAJA is an integrated, innovative and enterprising firm that constantly strives to create and enhance stakeholder value while fostering a culture of partnership and synergy. Our core competencies enable us to be a preferred partner for end to end execution of projects for leading organizations of India. Each of our project progresses in a systematic & methodological manner.

On-time deliveries, adherence to quality & timely payments have helped us gain good-will & confidence in the market."
Charak Pharma,3.9,(154 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 27 more",76 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Charak group of companies, established in 1947 is now focusing on exports to ensure that people the world over experience benefits of herbal healthcare. We focus on converting traditional herbal knowledge into modern standardized products with scientifically proven evidence about their efficacy and safety. Charak produces more than 50 herbal supplements for various ailments including women's health, diabetes, cough & cold, oral hygiene and digestive problems. Our products have interesting buying propositions that appeal to consumers in many parts of the world. Many of our brands are category leaders in India.Being an ISO 9001:2000 certified group, the quality and efficacy of our products are affirmed through stringent quality checks and clinical studies. We provide complete technical documentation to demonstrate quality. Our manufacturing has been awarded the WHO-GMP certification.International presence of Charak group currently extends to countries in all major continents. This includes Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Kenya, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Malaysia, Greece, Bulgaria, Portugal, Netherlands & USA. People in all these countries are satisfied with their experience of using our products. Soon our products will also be available in the Oman, UAE, Yemen, Turkey, Azerbaijan, Ghana, Nigeria and Sudan"
Slr Metaliks,4.3,(154 Reviews),Private,Karnataka + 6 more,18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are SLR Metaliks; earmarked to emerge as the most bankable name in the list comprising Alloy Steel Manufacturers.
The Dream Run Continues…
We have graduated from the leading Pig Iron manufacturer to steel producers. Our 0.30 mtpa alloy steel plant spread over 300 acres comprises a captive power station (6 MW); a guest house and quarters for executives and work force.

Man, materials and mind-set converged and the result was a steel plant laced with State-of-the-Art facilities to churn over 16 alloy groups comprising various grades of steel.

The industrial landscape is punctuated with several names in the Alloy Steel domain. We aim to rule the roost in the Alloy Steel sector. SLRM follows Sinter –PCI- BF-EOF-LRF- VD-CCM steel production route,followed by rolling mill.

Blessed with the Tool of Excellence
Excellence is a cultural imperative at SLR Metaliks. It’s a truth industrially acknowledged that while some of our sectoral peers chose to lose themselves in a fog of commerce and compromise; we swam against the current.

Since its inception in 2005 in Hospet; the steel city of Karnataka; SLR Metaliks has invested in innovation and has emerged as a touchstone of quality. Currently; the Company produces 0.32 MTPA of Alloy and Engineering Steel..

In the year 2012; SLRM has entered into a joint-venture with M/S Fomento Group."
Creamline Dairy ...,4.3,(154 Reviews),"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 15 more",37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Creamline Dairy Products Limited (CDPL) is a leading Private Dairy player in Southern India with its operations spanning across Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Tamilnadu, Karnataka and Nagpur in Maharashtra. Its products are sold under the brand name `Jersey’. Since inception in 1986, the company has been growing consistently under the visionary leadership of Promoter Directors, an efficient Operating team and the unrelenting efforts of committed workforce.

The company has excellent infrastructure at strategic locations comprising of 34 Milk Chilling Centers, 8 Associate Milk Chilling Centers. 84 Bulk Milk Cooling units, 6 Composite Dairy Plants and one state of the art milk powder plant at Ongole. While all the dairies are ISO 22000 certified, the powder plant also has a certification from Export Inspection Agency qualifying the `Jersey’ products for exports. The combined processing capacity of milk & milk products is 9.76 LLPD which includes 1.50 LLPD of drying facility at Ongole, A.P. The company markets its products through a well laid distribution network comprising of distributors, agents, parlors and exclusive franchise outlets. More than 5000 agents currently sell the milk and milk products of Creamline. Its cultured milk products consisting of Curd, Lassi and Butter Milk has, within a short span of time, captured a significant market share and enjoys a high brand equity amongst the consumers. CDPL constantly endeavors to delight its customer ranging from household to HORECA and prestigious institutions with its quality of products and continuous innovation. The company achieved a turnover of 1000 plus crore in the FY 2016-2017.

CDPL became a subsidiary of M/s Godrej Agrovet Limited, the largest manufacturer of animal feed in the country, after having acquired a majority stake of more than 51% equity in December 2015. CDPL is now strategically positioned to fully leverage the potential and function as an end to end provider in the entire agri value chain. The company has chalked out ambitious growth plans both organic and inorganic, while also expanding its product portfolio with more value added products."
Chennai Petroleu...,4.4,(154 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 6 more",58 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Chennai Petroleum Corp Limited (CPCL), formerly known as Madras Refineries Limited (MRL) is an utilities company based out of New No 536, Anna Salai, Teynampet, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. The Main products of company are LPG, Motor Spirit, Superior Kerosene, Aviation Turbine fuel, High Speed Diesel, Naphtha, Bitumen, Lube base Stocks, Paraffin Wax, Fuel Oil, Hexane and Petrochemical feed Stocks. CPCL Also Supplies Linear Alkyl Benzene Feedstock (LABFS) to a downstream unit for manufacture of Linear Alkyl Benzene."
Biotique,4.0,(154 Reviews),Private,"Ghaziabad,Uttar Pradesh + 18 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Longer than long ago, health and beauty were fleeting. The average adult life expectancy was 30 years old, as nature took its toll. Then, 5000 years ago, ancient sages in India searched within the vast resources of nature to extend this ephemeral existence. Before the pyramids were built, these ancient sages created Ayurveda.

It is the science of life; the Sanskrit words 'Ayur' means 'life' and 'veda' means science or knowledge. Ayurveda is the time-tested, natural medicinal system that treats the total individual, promoting prevention as well as cure, for a healthy mind, body, spirit and senses. A passion for quality and sustainability. The promise of naturally-derived Ayurvedic beauty, advanced by scientific expertise

Today, Biotique personifies the ultimate in authentic Indian traditional medicine, advanced by cutting edge Swiss biotechnology—a beauty legacy built on product purity, sustainability, universality, pioneering research, development and manufacturing. Biotique treatments do not cover up problems—they eliminate them. With 100% natural botanicals. No chemicals. No preservatives. No animal testing. All in eco-friendly and recyclable packaging. Dermatologist Tested For Safety."
Carraro,4.2,(154 Reviews),Private,"Campodarsego,Padua + 1 more",91 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are the only ones able to manufacture the smallest gear up to the complete tractor. We manufacture transmission systems for tractors and off-highway vehicles, we are the key partners for the major manufacturers of agricultural and construction equipment. We have always understood the needs of the market, anticipating trends with innovative solutions. 

Today our focus is on reducing emissions and maximising machine efficiency, both for earth moving machines and orchard and vineyard equipment. Technology, innovation and people are our pillars, the starting points to position ourselves among the world's leading manufacturers of gears and transmission systems. Our goal is to improve the lives of those who work daily with operating, agricultural and construction machines."
Jindal Industrie...,3.2,(154 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 16 more",71 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"Jindal Group of Companies was incorporated in 1974 and was initially manufacturing and trading in Industrial Dyestuffs, Chemicals, Menthol etc. Post the reformation of the policy in 1995, the Company started the business of trading Bullion (Gold and Silver). Over the years, the Company has been one of the top five traders in the country in trading of Precious Metals (Platinum, Gold and Silver). Right from the very beginning, the Company has focused on the availability of the most competitive supply of its products in the domestic markets at the best terms as also in providing efficient and satisfactory services to its customers. Dominant presence in domestic physical markets of Gold & Silver. The Group is a member of multiple exchanges-MCX-SX, NSE and BSE."
Pace Power Syste...,3.7,(154 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 35 more",74 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"PACE was established in 2001 and has since grown into a leading OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) supplier, O&M Service provider for Tower-cos & Op-cos and Solar Solutions. From its inception, PACE has been placed on a firm pedestal on products and technology, to be able to help Operators & Tower Companies who are in need of solutions on Energy. PACE has introduced its Solar powered solutions to Tower-cos & Op-Cos and has been a pioneer in developing solutions utilizing the green energy.With a continued leadership in the field of Power & Energy and with more than a decade of experience in the Telecom Industry, Pace has spread its wings far and wide.A front runner in the business of Design and Development, Manufacture, Sales and Installation & Commissioning, Product Support after Warranty of an extensive range of products and services related to Energy Management Solutions, we have established a robust hold across India and Africa"
Marksans Pharma,3.3,(154 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",31 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"""The essence of our culture is built on meeting global standards in every aspect of our business.""These envisioned words of Mr. Mark Saldanha, our Chairman and Managing Director, reflect the extreme passion and enthusiasm that drives the organization.Marksans Pharma, headquartered at Mumbai (India) is a global pharmaceutical company. We are actively engaged in R&D and offer CRAMS to global pharmaceutical companies."
DEC Infra,3.4,(154 Reviews),Hyderabad + 14 more,55 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"D.E.C Infrastructure & Projects (India) Private Limited ranks among India’s leading construction companies. For over Five decades, we have successfully completed several prestigious projects that set the standard for others to follow the standard of quality.From our modest beginnings in 1968 to date, we are known for our ability to get things done and get them right.

Our core team of engineers, management and construction professionals bring to all our projects an unparalleled commitment to on-time and on-budget execution."
1K Networks,3.3,(154 Reviews),"Gurgaon,Haryana + 17 more",5 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"1K is a hyperlocal omnichannel grocery chain focused on fulfilling the aspirations of 'Real Bharat'.

We believe that to create wow micro-experiences for the consumers, kirana entrepreneurs need the means to use technology as an enabler. With the changing consumer aspirations, the kirana entrepreneurs also aspire for more. 

Fueled by the ambition of building ‘Bharat's’ first omnichannel distribution network that brings consumers' aspirations closer to them, 1K is blazing the path to modernizing the traditional Kirana stores."
Stellar Innovati...,3.5,(154 Reviews),Private,"Dayton,OH + 4 more",7 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Stellar Innovations Pvt. Ltd is at the forefront of emerging innovations in Software, Hardware, IoT and BPO services, providing solutions you can trust on a corporate scale. We are a rapidly growing enterprise with a proven track record of customer satisfaction in the title and technology industries and we want to know how we can serve you.OUR MISSIONStellar Innovations Pvt. Ltd. was founded by a group of talented professionals with the mission of providing world-class IT services and data management services to our valued clients from across various industry and sectors. We aim to achieve our mission by delivering top quality projects within the agreed timeframes, while ensuring high level of transparency, security, feasibility, and affordability."
The Phoenix Mill...,4.0,(153 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 10 more",118 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Phoenix Mills Ltd is poised to carve a niche for itself in the Indian real estate sector, be it mega retail malls, entertainment complexes, commercial spaces or hospitality units.

Its operations span across most aspects of real estate development; planning, execution, marketing, management, maintenance & sales.

The group has real estate assets in Mumbai, Bengaluru, Chennai, Pune, Agra, Indore, Lucknow, Barielly & Ahmedabad."
Cadsys,4.3,(153 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 2 more",34 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Cadsys is founded in 1989, to provide innovative cost effective knowledge services, Cadsys has a distinction of achieving many break throughs with its innovative solutions, fearless approach and ethical business practices.At Cadsys we strive to provide our clients with high-quality, high-value products and services that exceed their expectations. This is evident from the fact that Cadsys has a distinct record of getting a repeat order from every single customer to whom we have provided any solution. The solutions developed by Cadsys in partnership with our clients have generated huge employment opportunities all over the world."
RMC Readymix,4.1,(153 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 36 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"RMC Readymix (India) is one of the largest ready-mixed concrete manufacturers in India. Set up way back in 1996, RMC India currently operates a total of 90 ready-mixed concrete and aggregate crushing plants in 41 towns and cities across the nation."
Sahajanand Laser...,3.4,(153 Reviews),Public,"Gandhinagar,Gujarat + 14 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sahajanand Laser Technology Limited (SLTL) - A pioneer in the field of lasers in India, caters to the need of various industries. The company offers pinnacle solutions with a wide range of laser system for diversified industrial applications such as: Cutting, Marking, Welding, Micro Machining, Solar Cell Scribing/ Cutting, Diamond processing and scanning, etc. SLTL is one of the few manufacturers in the world providing customized Computer Numeric Controlled (CNC) laser solutions"
Odessa,3.9,(153 Reviews),Private,Philadelphia + 1 more,25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Odessa is a software company exclusively focused in the leasing industry. Odessa provides the Odessa Platform to power a diverse customer base of leasing companies globally. The platform is a powerful, end-to-end, extensible solution for lease and loan origination and portfolio management. It further provides rich feature sets including low-code development, test automation, reporting and business intelligence to ensure organizations can more effectively align business and IT objectives."
Hgs Services,3.9,(153 Reviews),Private,Bengaluru + 17 more,23 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"A global leader in business process management (BPM) and optimizing the customer experience lifecycle, HGS is helping make its clients more competitive every day. HGS combines technology-powered services in automation, analytics and digital with domain expertise focusing on back office processing, contact centers and HRO solutions to deliver transformational impact to clients. Part of the multi-billion dollar conglomerate Hinduja Group, HGS takes a true “globally local” approach, with over 44,567 employees across 75 delivery centers in seven countries making a difference to some of the world’s leading brands across nine key verticals."
Cadsys,4.3,(153 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 2 more",34 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Cadsys is founded in 1989, to provide innovative cost effective knowledge services, Cadsys has a distinction of achieving many break throughs with its innovative solutions, fearless approach and ethical business practices.At Cadsys we strive to provide our clients with high-quality, high-value products and services that exceed their expectations. This is evident from the fact that Cadsys has a distinct record of getting a repeat order from every single customer to whom we have provided any solution. The solutions developed by Cadsys in partnership with our clients have generated huge employment opportunities all over the world."
Cygnet Infotech,4.0,(153 Reviews),Private,Ahmedabad + 6 more,23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Cygnet Infotech is one of the most trusted names in the IT space delivering technology solutions across 35 countries. Born out of a vision to create a software development company where quality, innovation and personalized services trump low cost, makeshift solutions, Cygnet enables its clients to digitize, scale and transform in to high performance businesses.

Cygnet has deep industry and business process expertise, global resources, and a proven track record in developing creative technology solutions. Cygnet can mobilize the right people, skills and technologies that help to improve business performance."
Envestnet Asset ...,4.1,(153 Reviews),Public,"Chicago,Illinois + 2 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Envestnet, Inc. (NYSE: ENV) is transforming the way financial advice and wellness are delivered. Our mission is to empower advisors and financial service providers with innovative technology, solutions, and intelligence to make financial wellness a reality for everyone. Over 103,000 advisors across more than 4,900 companies including 16 of the 20 largest U.S. banks, 46 of the 50 largest wealth management and brokerage firms, over 500 of the largest RIAs, and hundreds of FinTech companies, leverage the Envestnet platform to grow their businesses and client relationships."
Scope eKnowledge...,3.6,(153 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 4 more",36 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Scope, an SPi Global company, is an award-winning provider of outsourced, cost-effective Content Enhancement Services, Data Management Services, and Patent Research & Analytics for various clients across the globe. Scope, a niche knowledge services provider, has employees from various educational backgrounds and experience delivering knowledge solutions across multiple industry verticals and domains. Scope fulfils customer needs by leveraging its experience and capabilities using in-house developed proprietary technology solutions and platforms for service delivery as well as its internal needs. Scope is also the publisher of the daily newsletter Knowledgespeak, a comprehensive news service focusing on the STM information industry."
The Phoenix Mill...,4.0,(153 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 10 more",118 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Phoenix Mills Ltd is poised to carve a niche for itself in the Indian real estate sector, be it mega retail malls, entertainment complexes, commercial spaces or hospitality units.

Its operations span across most aspects of real estate development; planning, execution, marketing, management, maintenance & sales.

The group has real estate assets in Mumbai, Bengaluru, Chennai, Pune, Agra, Indore, Lucknow, Barielly & Ahmedabad."
Jain University,3.8,(153 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 7 more,14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Ranked among the top universities in India and considered a cerebral destination for students across the world and Bangalore in particular, for its illustrious history of developing talent, Jain (Deemed-to-be University) is a hub for learning in every sense of the word.

The University which is based in Bangalore – the Silicon Valley of India, offers a conducive environment for learning, be it academically or extracurricular activities. Known for its emphasis on education, entrepreneurship, research and sports, Jain (Deemed-to-be University) has some of the best minds in the educational and research fields, and centers that inspire entrepreneurship and groundbreaking work to simplify and manage life better.

What makes Jain (Deemed-to-be University) different is its outlook towards life, its values and beliefs. Its ever-evolving and open-minded system and quest for continued success and resilience, has made it one of the top universities in India."
Raksha TPA,3.7,(153 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 17 more",21 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Raksha TPA is Third Party Administrator, working as service provider for Indian General Insurance Companies (GIC) in the health sector. The company is being promoted by Mrs. Ritu Nanda, a pioneer in insurance industry and Dr. Naresh Trehan, an internationally acclaimed cardiothoraccic surgeon; a sister concern of Escorts Group of Companies"
Pulse Pharmaceut...,3.9,(153 Reviews),"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 25 more",26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Pulse is a fast-growing Pharmaceutical company with a vertically & diagonally integrated business model, focused on providing innovative product solutions to a large number of people around the world, to help them manage their health better & lead a quality life.

A leading name in the Pharmaceutical industry with over two decades of expertise in providing pathbreaking solutions, Pulse today, has a pan-India presence with a strong field force of over 600 employees, who reach out to over 40, 000 Health Care Professionals. Our Operations span across South East Asia, Russia & CIS, and Africa.

We have our own Manufacturing and R&D facilities in Roorkee, Uttarakhand and Hyderabad, that are in line with Global Regulatory Standards. An experienced team of Management Professionals, housed in our Corporate Office in Hyderabad, drives our overall Business Operations."
Adani Capital,4.3,(153 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 55 more,6 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Adani Capital is the non-banking financial company (NBFC) arm of Adani Group and commenced lending operations in April 2017. The company aims to become the foremost Financial services firm with a focus on ‘Entrepreneurship’.

Under Adani Group’s philosophy of Nation Building, Adani Capital aims to play a key role in inclusive growth by focusing on rural development & supporting medium and small enterprises through capital and industry best practices.

Our team comprise of experienced & self-motivated professionals from the industry, committed to create a distinctive financial services business with Customer ownership and a complete life cycle focus. As our country’s economy is poised for an exponential growth with several structural reforms and strong fundamentals, we feel excited to be part of this growth journey and are committed to own and service our Customers to address their financial needs."
Parle Elizabeth ...,4.0,(153 Reviews),Mumbai + 6 more,15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Parle Elizabeth Tools Pvt. Ltd. is a leading engineering company manufacturing High Quality Tooling, Tool Care Products, Blister Change Parts and Tablet Compression Machines for Pharmaceutical & Non-Pharmaceutical Industry. Parle Elizabeth is a joint venture company formed in 2008 between Parle Global Technologies Pvt. Ltd., India and Elizabeth Carbide Die Co., U.S.A. The joint venture objective is to manufacture High Quality Tooling and Tablet Presses in India."
Mobiloitte Techn...,2.5,(153 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 3 more",19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Working from over a decade in the Software development industry, Mobiloitte is a Premier, Full Service Mobile and Web Application Development Group with a special focus on Security, Scale and Performance across BLOCKCHAIN, BOTS, APPS, Digital, AI and IoT landscape. Service Description - Our core expertise is focused on Six key areas and related service offerings: 1. Native Mobile Application Development:-Apple iOS: iPhone, iPad, iPod compatible apps using Xcode and Objective C-ANDROID: Phone, Android Tablet compatible apps across all resolutions-BLACKBERRY: Phone, Playbook application development-QA: Individual testing and quality assessment services for all the above-Digital Branding and Promotion services for Mobile Applications-Mobile Device Management-Web backend for content updates in Mobile applications-Mobile application integration with databases like MySQL, SQL, MS Access, Oracle, Sybase, SAP.2. Cross Platform Mobile Application Development3. Web, CMS, and Cloud-based services and solutions: 4. Social Media Integration"
Verzeo,2.8,(153 Reviews),"Bangalore,Karnataka + 9 more",5 years old,11-50 Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Vcs Quality Serv...,4.3,(153 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 29 more",21 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"VCS Quality Services Pvt. Ltd (or more commonly recognized as “VCS”) was incorporated in 2002. VCS is a reputed and reliable name in service providers across various industry sectors, both in India and overseas. We offer Project Management, Construction Supervision, Compliance Assessment, Engineering & Consulting, Testing & Inspection and Independent Technical Advisory Services to clients and assist them to manage their quality, safety, health, and environmental plans."
Micro Plastics,3.9,(153 Reviews),Private,"Bengaluru/Bangalore,Karnataka + 7 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Company has grown from being a component supplier from 3 injection molding machines in the year 2005 to a sub-assembly and contract manufacturer thereby offering “One Stop Solution” to our customers with 200+ state of the art injection molding machines, state of the art Tool Room, Press shop, Assembly Lines, Testing and Decoration facilities spread over 6 Plants in Karnataka & Tamilnadu, India. The Company's tagline of “One Stop Solution” by offering Customers solutions from design to final product in the vast area of Engineering to Toys is done by following best Industrial practices, driven by human values, assuring highest quality through continuous improvement, team work and creativity of our work force.."
Kraft Heinz Comp...,4.5,(153 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 27 more",29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"For 150 years, we have produced some of the world's most beloved products at The Kraft Heinz Company (NASDAQ: KHC). Our Vision is To Be the Best Food Company, Growing a Better World. We are one of the largest global food and beverage companies, with 2018 net sales of approximately $26 billion. Our portfolio is a diverse mix of iconic and emerging brands. As the guardians of these brands and the creators of innovative new products, we are dedicated to the sustainable health of our people and our planet."
e-Procurement Te...,3.4,(152 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 15 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are on our way to become Rs.100 Cr/US$ 20 Mn company by our 10th Anniversary, i.e. year by 2016. And for achieving this, we are banking on our zest for innovation, passion for procurement & material management solutions & services, vibrant & dynamic team and 100K buyers & suppliers. We are right now focused on developing & emerging markets around the world and our long term plans are to become a Global player by 2026 with Rs.1000 Cr/US$ 200 Mn company"
ABC Consultants,4.0,(152 Reviews),Private,New York + 20 more,54 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in 1969 by Dr Bish Agrawal, ABC Consultants is the pioneer of organised recruitment services in India. Over the years, we have acted as preferred talent acquisition partner to multinationals and leading Indian businesses to emerge as the leading recruitment brand nationally. This combined with our role as trusted consultants for Indian professionals translates into our core capability - Building Careers. Building Organisations.

ABC’s roots in management consulting enable us to bring a unique approach to recruitment at the middle and senior management levels .

We recruit across various industry segments for multinational corporations as well as leading Indian business houses and have helped shape the careers of over 1,65,000 professionals over our 50 year history.

Our network includes 9 offices spread across 8 major Indian cities. We have over 465 consultants who have over 2800 man years of experience with leading Indian and international companies and operate within domain-specialist teams spread across the country, providing customized recruitment solutions across 24 industry practices."
Galaxy Weblinks,4.5,(152 Reviews),Private,"Indore,Madhya Pradesh + 5 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"A custom software development company headquartered in Boston, MA. The company has offshore development centers in Indore and Madurai. Galaxy provides exceptional services in Web Design and Development, Mobile Application Development, and Ecommerce solutions."
Apex CoVantage,3.2,(152 Reviews),Private,"Miami Beach,Florida + 6 more",35 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Apex CoVantage is a technology-led supplier of prepress, data conversion, editorial, and content enhancement services to publishers, libraries, and owners of large content collections worldwide. Founded in 1988 by Shashikant and Margaret Gupta, Apex is rooted in the ability to remove friction from processes. Our technologies and systems leverage Human Process Engineering to provide effective, cost-efficient solutions to our customers who own or create huge amounts of content – from manuscripts to photos and videos and in-between. By balancing leading technology and broad industry expertise, Apex delivers exceptional content and media solutions to its customers. Apex has been managing large-scale content projects around the world for nearly 30 years."
NLC,4.3,(152 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 6 more",67 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"NLC India at present has four open cast lignite mines namely Mine I, Mine II, Mine IA and Barsingsar Mine. The lignite mined out is used as fuel to the linked Pit head power stations. Also raw lignite is being sold to small scale industries to use it as fuel in their production activities.

NLC India has five pithead Thermal Power Stations with an aggregate capacity of 3240 MW. Further, NLC India has installed 34 Wind Turbine Generators of capacity 1.50 MW each and also commissioned 440 MW Solar Photo Voltaic Power plant in Neyveli, resulting in an overall power generating capacity of 3731 MW(excl. JVs).

  NAVRATNA  company under the Ministry of Coal since  1956 -  more than 60  years  of   its   glorious existence Present   Mining  Capacity  :   30.6 MTPA ( Lignite ) Present Power Generation Capacity (including JVs) : 3640MW (Lignite),    1000MW (Coal),   1352.56 MW (Solar),   51MW (Wind), Total : 6043.56 MW."
Holisol Logistic...,4.1,(152 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 33 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We offer tech-enabled end-to-end supply chain logistics platform to our customers. Our solutions include multi-channel fulfilment for B2B & B2C retail, integrated packaging & logistics and returnable packaging solutions for auto-components, agriculture and heavy engineering industry. We have developed AI-enabled full-stack tech solutions to digitize the supply chains."
Nobel Hygiene,3.8,(152 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 31 more",23 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"'Nobel Hygiene is one of the leading disposable hygiene care products manufacturer in the country with an ISO 9001:2015 and CE certification, headquartered in Mumbai. Nobel Hygiene, established in 2000, introduced adult diapers in the Indian market, and over the years has continuously innovated to create world-class hygiene products for adults under the brand name ‘Friends’ and has a vast product range of baby care products under the brand name ‘Teddyy’.'​"
Microlink Soluti...,3.6,(152 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 16 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Microlink Solutions Pvt. Ltd. was founded in 1996 at the inception of Enterprise Networks with a simple vision – to do excellent & innovative things. MICROLINK's business is focused solely on the front end of the Technology: Networking, System Infrastructure, Datacenter and Security solutions. 

Our heritage in Networking and deep understanding of IT Infrastructure technologies differentiate us from our competitors. Microlink focus has evolved to adapting the design, management and development of business technology to be a better servant to the greater business and use it as a tool to drive innovation, enable market leadership and help customer to achieve their business goals. Our collaborative customer-centric approach aligns with client’s IT strategies in accomplishing their business goals. Our reputation for exceeding customer expectation, successful delivery of solutions that deliver results, commitment to innovation; and central to this is the constant development of the skills and knowledge contained within our organization."
Saregama India,4.0,(152 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 29 more",122 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Saregama India Ltd., a RP Sanjiv Goenka Group company, is India's oldest music label, youngest film studio and a multi-langauge TV content producer. In 1902, Saregama released India's first ever studio recorded song. In the years that followed, the company continued to expand its catalogue to become the largest in-perpetuity global owner of both sound recording and publishing copyrights of Indian music across 14 different languages. Steadily, the company expanded its portfolio to include intellectual property rights of over 4000 hours of TV content produced for channels in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Malayalam and Bengali. Over the last few decades, the company forayed into retailing music through physical and digital mediums such as CDs, iOS & Android based apps and usb based thematic music cards.Since 2017, Saregama has been making headlines again owing to the launch of two unique initiatives, Saregama Carvaan and Yoodlee Films."
Mindteck,3.5,(152 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 6 more",32 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are the global engineering and technology solutions company devoted to delivering knowledge that matters to help clients compete, innovate and propel forward along the digital continuum.

Our legacy expertise in embedded systems, enterprise applications and testing complements newer Analytics, Cloud, IoT and Automation disciplines and accompanying solutions, and ensures that our clients’ R&D and technology investments are maximized."
Wanbury,3.6,(152 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 19 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Wanbury Limited, one of India’s fastest growing pharmaceutical companies amongst the ‘Top 50 Companies’ in India (as per ORG-IMS), has a strong presence in API global market and domestic branded Formulation. Wanbury’s major trust area lies in Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) Sales & Marketing in over 50 countries and Pan-India Formulation presence."
B4S Solutions,4.1,(152 Reviews),Private,"Ghaziabad,Uttar Pradesh + 37 more",34 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"b4S Solutions Pvt. Ltd. is a rapidly growing company based in India with significant presence. The company was established with an aim of providing innovative solutions to the clients to the best of their satisfaction level. The group has strength of 18000 employees in India and with the combined effort the company generated a revenue of more than 4 billion rupees in last three financial years.

The business operations of the b4S Solutions currently encompass several business sectors such as: Security Services, Staff Outsourcing, Contract Labour and Operation & Maintenance and Projects in Telecom Industry."
Holisol Logistic...,4.1,(152 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 33 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We offer tech-enabled end-to-end supply chain logistics platform to our customers. Our solutions include multi-channel fulfilment for B2B & B2C retail, integrated packaging & logistics and returnable packaging solutions for auto-components, agriculture and heavy engineering industry. We have developed AI-enabled full-stack tech solutions to digitize the supply chains."
Nobel Hygiene,3.8,(152 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 31 more",23 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"'Nobel Hygiene is one of the leading disposable hygiene care products manufacturer in the country with an ISO 9001:2015 and CE certification, headquartered in Mumbai. Nobel Hygiene, established in 2000, introduced adult diapers in the Indian market, and over the years has continuously innovated to create world-class hygiene products for adults under the brand name ‘Friends’ and has a vast product range of baby care products under the brand name ‘Teddyy’.'​"
LabCorp,4.3,(152 Reviews),Burlington + 6 more,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Mindteck,3.5,(152 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 6 more",32 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are the global engineering and technology solutions company devoted to delivering knowledge that matters to help clients compete, innovate and propel forward along the digital continuum.

Our legacy expertise in embedded systems, enterprise applications and testing complements newer Analytics, Cloud, IoT and Automation disciplines and accompanying solutions, and ensures that our clients’ R&D and technology investments are maximized."
Galaxy Weblinks,4.5,(152 Reviews),Private,"Indore,Madhya Pradesh + 5 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"A custom software development company headquartered in Boston, MA. The company has offshore development centers in Indore and Madurai. Galaxy provides exceptional services in Web Design and Development, Mobile Application Development, and Ecommerce solutions."
Wanbury,3.6,(152 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 19 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Wanbury Limited, one of India’s fastest growing pharmaceutical companies amongst the ‘Top 50 Companies’ in India (as per ORG-IMS), has a strong presence in API global market and domestic branded Formulation. Wanbury’s major trust area lies in Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) Sales & Marketing in over 50 countries and Pan-India Formulation presence."
e-Procurement Te...,3.4,(152 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 15 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are on our way to become Rs.100 Cr/US$ 20 Mn company by our 10th Anniversary, i.e. year by 2016. And for achieving this, we are banking on our zest for innovation, passion for procurement & material management solutions & services, vibrant & dynamic team and 100K buyers & suppliers. We are right now focused on developing & emerging markets around the world and our long term plans are to become a Global player by 2026 with Rs.1000 Cr/US$ 200 Mn company"
Futuresoft Solut...,3.7,(152 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 15 more,27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"FutureSoft Solutions Pvt. Ltd, is an ISO, CMMI-L3 certified, ITIL compliant organization with powerful presence as a consulting, technology and next-generation system integrator. We have achieved a significant benchmark in providing innovative, cost effective, end- to-end IT products and services under our Five focus areas highlighting Digitization, Managed Services, Resource Augmentation, Consulting & Business Solution and Application Development & Support.It has been our continuous effort to outperform competition and stay abreast to the innovation curve. We stand Strong and United since 1996, with headquarters in New Delhi, by empowering our clients in over 450+ locations across PAN India, excelling in providing IT services which are customizable, dynamic and extensible in nature.
Due to stringent processes that are laid and followed by us, we constantly review our work internally or on our client projects which are based on defined processes and compliance. It is a matter of pride for us to attain multiple certifications acquired over the years, considering constant improvement in our working model & ethics."
Dataflow Group,3.0,(152 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 3 more",5 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Data Flow Services an international community of on-demand professional linguists to provide real-time transcription, voice-data collection, hand writing recognition and localization services across the globe. We help companies leverage the power and complexities of language to develop better language recognition software, curate more linguistically appropriate marketing materials,and enter new markets with the confidence that their brand is effectively communicating to their target audience."
Expleo Group,4.0,(152 Reviews),Saint Quentin En Yvelines + 5 more,6 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"Expleo is a trusted partner for end-to-end, integrated engineering, quality services and management consulting for digital transformation. We help businesses harness unrelenting technological change to successfully deliver innovations that will help them gain a competitive advantage and improve the everyday lives of people around the globe. We operate in over 30 countries."
FNP,3.3,(152 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 7 more,29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Who we are
We are Ferns N Petals: India's Biggest Gifting Solutions Provider

For over 25 years, we are helping customers to celebrate their special moments by delivering fresh flowers and fabulous gifts. Ferns N Petals was established in 1994 and flower bouquet delivery was the first and only thing that the company was into. From just 1 flower shop in Delhi during 1994, Ferns N Petals is now the largest florist chain with more than 320 stores (and still counting) across all the major cities and towns of India.

Today, Ferns N Petals Group encompasses of FNP Retail & Franchising, FNP E-commerce- India, UAE, Singapore & Qatar, FNP Weddings & Events, Floral Touch- India & UAE, FNP Gardens, Handicrafts, The Flagship Store by FNP, WDH (Wedding Design Hub), FNP Cakes 'N' More and FNP Media. The brand is one stop shop for all gifting needs, be it buying flowers, cakes, plants, personalized gifts, decoration services, or experiences, not only in India but across the globe.


Our International Strategy
After being the market leaders in India, Ferns N Petals has expanded its international footprints into the South East Asian and Middle East market. In addition to a physical presence, with three stores in UAE and one in Singapore, we also have built a strong online presence with three separate websites for each of the territories. We now boast of a specific website www.fnp.ae for UAE, www.fnp.sg a for Singapore and www.fnp.qa for Qatar to cater to the unique set of customers in each of these regions. We plan to expand into one new country each year.
Mission: Wow every customer every time, through premium products, services, value for money driven by innovation, technology and people first approach."
Empower Retireme...,3.7,(152 Reviews),Public,"Greenwood Village,Colorado + 2 more",132 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),"Built on a foundation of trust, integrity, and promise, we proudly serve over 69,000 outstanding organizations and more than 17 million individuals.1 We take great pride in helping people with saving, investing, and advice, while providing them with the tools and resources they need to help reach their financial goals. We’re continuing to grow — and innovate — every day.

Our sole focus is on helping Americans achieve the future they imagine. That mission starts by delivering advice, personalized guidance, and critical support. We strive to meet the unique needs of everyone we serve and embrace the opportunity to inspire them along their journey.

We offer industry-leading solutions to help people manage their money for today while saving more for their tomorrow.

We are empowering people by helping them gain financial confidence through personalized advice.

We are empowering employers by working together and living our values to make their job easier.

We are empowering our partners by creating a shared vision of success and opportunity."
Jagran Prakashan,3.8,(502 Reviews),Public,Kanpur + 44 more,48 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At Jagran Prakashan Limited (Jagran), we are building scale, widening reach and enhancing value for stakeholders constantlty; taking forward the vision of our founder, freedom fighter Late Shri Puran Chandra Gupta."
Danieli,3.8,(151 Reviews),Private,"Buttrio,Udine + 10 more",109 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are among the world’s top three manufacturers of plants and machines for the metals industry.
The Group’s companies use their own technologies to manufacture and install competitive machines and plants worldwide, supplying both single units and turnkey plants.
Our current range of products includes machines, plants and processes for all the production cycles of steel and non-ferrous metals, from ore and scrap processing to finished long and flat products.
Motivated by ambition to deliver the best results and driven by our core values and mission we set the course for continuous improvement and success.
We are the reliable innovative team that, together with our customers, shapes the way of the metal business development."
Volkswagen It Se...,4.0,(151 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 2 more",7 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"VW IT Services India is the internal division of the VW Group offering digital solutions, application development and product innovation. We manage delivery, technology competencies, software assistance and process automation resources for the mobility domain. Envisaging a future as the best Software development and IT services organization in the Volkswagen Group.VWITS is equipped with the latest competencies in -Machine learningCloud computingArtificial intelligenceJava, SAP and MicrosoftBlock chain"
Nuberg Engineeri...,3.5,(151 Reviews),Private,Noida + 7 more,27 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The Nuberg Group is an engineering and technology driven industrial conglomerate based in India. As a group it provides technology, engineering and industrial plant solutions and services across chemicals & fertilizers, hydrocarbon, nuclear & defense and steel industries. Since its inception in 1996, Nuberg has set up more than 60 Greenfield chemical plants around the world and recognized as one of the top EPC companies in the Middle East."
Perficient,4.1,(151 Reviews),Private,"St Louis,Missouri + 4 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Perficient is the leading digital transformation consulting firm serving Global 2000 and enterprise customers throughout North America. With unparalleled information technology, management consulting and creative capabilities, Perficient and its Perficient Digital agency deliver vision, execution and value with outstanding digital experience, business optimization and industry solutions."
VisionTek,4.0,(151 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 17 more",30 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Design, Develop, Manufacture & Marketing of Telecom terminal equipment in PSTN, GSM, CDMA, VOIP & Wi-Fi technologies. Linkwell Telesystems is a world wide supplier of customer premises telecom equipment and solutions that address the markets of PCO Product (FCT, FWP & CCB), EVD & Top-up Terminals, Point of Sale (EMV certified POS), Vehicle tracking Systems (VTS), Electronic Data Capture (EDC) Terminals & Handheld Terminals, GSM and CDMA wireless modems, Data Converters, GSM FCT Gateways. VISIONTEK is the brand for all products made by Linkwell Telesystems (P) Ltd. VISIONTEK Marketing, Sales and Distribution channels are well established in India, South East Asia, CIS, Africa and the Middle East"
Control Print,3.9,(151 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 19 more",32 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"CPL has over 28 years of operational experience in the Indian coding and marking industry. With over 360 field staff and three state of the art factories, we are India's strongest and most reliable partner to you our customers.Our representatives tailor their purchase advice based on your needs as a customer. We are committed to ensuring that with Control Print you the customer will have one less thing to worry about."
Vaibhav Global,3.6,(151 Reviews),Public,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 6 more",43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Vaibhav Global Limited is a multi-national electronic retailer, wholesaler and manufacturer of fashion jewelry and lifestyle accessories. The company is headquartered in Jaipur, India."
Expert Global So...,3.6,(151 Reviews),"Aurangabad,Maharashtra + 3 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,Expert Global Solutions is now part of Alorica
Saudi Electricit...,4.7,(151 Reviews),Private,"Riyadh,Riyadh + 14 more",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Saudi Electricity Company is the Saudi electric energy company. It enjoys a monopoly on the generation, transmission and distribution of electric power in Saudi Arabia through 45 power generation plants in the country."
Hotel Park Plaza,4.2,(151 Reviews),Private,London + 15 more,37 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),"PARK PLAZA is situated in the heart of Goa's capital city of Panaji. We offer you an ambience of quiet elegance coupled with superb cuisine and unparalleled personal attention. One of the finest City hotels in Goa, this property is centrally located, and is a stone throw away from the iconic river front and offshore casinos.The hotel with Wide spacious rooms overlooking the HISTORIC AZAD MAIDAN is a ideal for leisure and business travelers alike. The property has easy access to shopping complexes, boutiques, pharmacies, banks and other basic amenities while keeping the serenity intact. We offer a private car park facility to hotel residents."
Piramal Foundati...,4.0,(151 Reviews),NGO/NPO,Mumbai + 37 more,15 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"The Piramal Foundation is a Not-For-Profit organization that aims to create replicable solutions to some of our nation's most pressing challenges.

Our method is based on a belief that talented young people, challenged to address some of our country's most common development issues, will find innovative solutions that are relevant, cost-effective, and applicable to the nation at large.

In line with Millennium Development Goals, Piramal Foundation is focused on universal primary education, reducing child mortality rates, improving maternal health and improving access to safe drinking water. We currently work across 24 states, a lot of which is in partnership with the central and state governments. We have developed innovative approaches and programs in every vertical and built strong partnerships."
Feedback Energy ...,3.9,(151 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 26 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Feedback Energy Distribution Company Limited (FEDCO) is a 100% subsidiary of Feedback Infra and is engaged in the business of electricity distribution. The company is currently servicing nearly half a million consumers spread over 9,000 sq km in Odisha with an objective of creating greater operational efficiencies, better load management and improvement in consumer services.FEDCO is working as a Distribution Franchisee in four electricity divisions namely Puri, Balugaon, Khurda and Nayagarh under Central Electricity Supply Utility (CESU) of Odisha. FEDCO would be responsible for the supply of power to the existing/ future consumers, carry out commercial activities, undertake operations and maintenance of LT distribution network, implement smartgrid solutions and incur capital expenditure for network up gradation and strengthening."
Orra Fine Jewell...,3.7,(151 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 32 more",135 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The journey of a million gazes began in 1888 before it metamorphosed into ORRA. From sculpting and manufacturing diamonds to crafting and retailing the finest diamond and gold jewelry, ORRA has come a long way since its inception. 

Today, ORRA is one of India's finest jewelry retail chains, having spread its glow with 66 stores across 29 cities and has consistently been at the forefront of design leadership and product innovation with 5 global design centers.

Master craftsmen who have inherited the centuries-old legacy of jewelry making, brilliantly cut Belgian diamonds, delicate designs in 22kt BIS Hallmarked gold., elaborate Bridal sets in kundan polki and colored stones, the 73-facet ORRA Crown Star, the one-of-its-kind ORRA boutique. these are just some of the facets that go into making ORRA - the jewelry destination that's impossible to hide.

The ORRA woman is in a constant state of metamorphosis. While her romance with diamond jewelry is eternal, the magnificence of 22k gold, beckoned alluringly. ORRA stepped up to the challenge and drew on its inherent design and technical expertise, to create a line of exclusive gold jewelry that spelled out design and craftsmanship. 

A jeweler that is elegant and contemporary, traditional classics with a contemporary twist, and designs that echo modernism without sacrificing the classic values of gold."
QSpiders,3.8,(151 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 10 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"QSpiders is a best-in-class learning solutions organization headquartered in India’s IT capital, Bangalore. We offer a wide range of courses in the area of software testing and are official partners of the ISTQB®. A “finishing school” in many ways, the institute provides young job aspirants the perfect launch-pad to build a rewarding career in the growing IT sector. From its humble beginnings, QSpiders has exponentially grown to be the world’s largest software testing training organization spread across countries. At QSpiders, we ensure training is imparted by specialists with proven subject matter expertise and who have spent over a decade in their area of specialization. Our faculty are highly competent, skilled and dedicated to giving their best towards the professional development of our students. Besides training, we also provide placement assistance to our students and most of the big corporates in the corporate world hire our trained talent. It is indeed our pleasure to have placed over thousands of job-seekers in various IT firms across India over the years with an aim to place thousands more! Building competency into over 5000 students a month, QSpiders is where talent meets opportunity and we believe your search for the dream job or the dream professional ends here."
Eastman Auto & P...,3.9,(151 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 21 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 2002, Eastman Auto & Power limited (EAPL) is the leading manufacturer, supplier and exporter of all kinds of energy storage solutions and solar solutions with manufacturing and research units in India. The range of products offered by Eastman is known for its quality, durability and performance. The company provides batteries for vehicles, Inverters & UPS system applications as well as E-rickshaw and solar solutions."
Rashtriya Chemic...,4.2,(151 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 13 more",56 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Rashtriya Chemicals & Fertilizers Limited (RCF), a “Mini-Ratna”, is a leading fertilizers and chemicals manufacturing company with about 75% of its equity held by the Government of India. It has two operating units, one at Trombay in Mumbai and the other at Thal, Raigad district, about 100 KM from Mumbai.RCF manufactures Urea, Complex Fertilizers, Bio-fertilizers, Micro-nutrients, 100 per cent water soluble fertilizers, soil conditioners and a wide range of Industrial Chemicals. It produces around 25.00 Lakh MT Urea, 4.75 Lakh MT Complex fertilizers and 4.5 Lakh MT of Industrial Chemicals every year. The company is a household name in rural India with brands “Ujjwala” (Urea) and “Suphala” (Complex Fertilizers) which carry a high brand equity. RCF has countrywide marketing network in all major states. Besides fertilizer products, RCF also produces a large number of industrial chemicals that are important for the manufacture of dyes, solvents, leather, pharmaceuticals and a host of other industrial products.The “Make in India” mission was launched by the Hon’ble Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi in September 2014 with an objective to give the Indian economy sustainability and global recognition. The government is committed to transforming India into a global manufacturing hub, while ensuring that manufactured goods have ‘zero defect’ and ‘zero effect’ on the environment."
Saudi Electricit...,4.7,(151 Reviews),Private,"Riyadh,Riyadh + 14 more",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Saudi Electricity Company is the Saudi electric energy company. It enjoys a monopoly on the generation, transmission and distribution of electric power in Saudi Arabia through 45 power generation plants in the country."
Expert Global So...,3.6,(151 Reviews),"Aurangabad,Maharashtra + 3 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,Expert Global Solutions is now part of Alorica
Nuberg Engineeri...,3.5,(151 Reviews),Private,Noida + 7 more,27 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The Nuberg Group is an engineering and technology driven industrial conglomerate based in India. As a group it provides technology, engineering and industrial plant solutions and services across chemicals & fertilizers, hydrocarbon, nuclear & defense and steel industries. Since its inception in 1996, Nuberg has set up more than 60 Greenfield chemical plants around the world and recognized as one of the top EPC companies in the Middle East."
Sheraton Hotels ...,4.3,(151 Reviews),Private,"Bethesda,Maryland + 16 more",28 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Our 191-guest rooms and suites offer unmatched views of Setif, with all the amenities you’ll need for a comfortable stay. Stay fit and work out at any time in our 24-hour gym or indulge in our culinary offerings with 3 unique restaurants featuring Maghrebian, Italian, or Oriental cuisines. The hotel is directly connected to The Dome, the state-of-the-art event center located within the Park Mall Setif, making the Four Points by Sheraton the perfect choice for all your business and event needs."
Finova Capital,4.2,(151 Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 59 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Finova Capital is founded by Mr Mohit Sahney in 2015. It is NBFC licensed by Reserve bank of India. Idea of Finova Capital originated with a belief that if supported well then micro & small medium enterprises can play a pivotal role in growing Indian economy.

We at Finova believe that by supporting and creating enabling opportunities for micro & small business, lives can be enriched & communities can be transformed. The company’s aim is to reach out to financially excluded Unorganized, Unreached MSME sector. The objective is to make finance available at a reasonable cost & deliver in a transparent manner. Finova stands for financial innovation. The company is headquartered in Jaipur & provides loan to both urban poor & rural poor to meet their productive requirements in starting new usiness or for growing an existing business. Finova is a young, growing company with a big vision: to transform credit delivery to unorganized, unreached & unserved segments."
Eaton India Inno...,4.1,(151 Reviews),1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Eastman Auto & P...,3.9,(151 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 21 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established in 2002, Eastman Auto & Power limited (EAPL) is the leading manufacturer, supplier and exporter of all kinds of energy storage solutions and solar solutions with manufacturing and research units in India. The range of products offered by Eastman is known for its quality, durability and performance. The company provides batteries for vehicles, Inverters & UPS system applications as well as E-rickshaw and solar solutions."
QSpiders,3.8,(151 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 10 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"QSpiders is a best-in-class learning solutions organization headquartered in India’s IT capital, Bangalore. We offer a wide range of courses in the area of software testing and are official partners of the ISTQB®. A “finishing school” in many ways, the institute provides young job aspirants the perfect launch-pad to build a rewarding career in the growing IT sector. From its humble beginnings, QSpiders has exponentially grown to be the world’s largest software testing training organization spread across countries. At QSpiders, we ensure training is imparted by specialists with proven subject matter expertise and who have spent over a decade in their area of specialization. Our faculty are highly competent, skilled and dedicated to giving their best towards the professional development of our students. Besides training, we also provide placement assistance to our students and most of the big corporates in the corporate world hire our trained talent. It is indeed our pleasure to have placed over thousands of job-seekers in various IT firms across India over the years with an aim to place thousands more! Building competency into over 5000 students a month, QSpiders is where talent meets opportunity and we believe your search for the dream job or the dream professional ends here."
L&T Transportati...,4.6,(151 Reviews),Mumbai + 24 more,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Ultimate Kronos ...,4.2,(151 Reviews),Private,Noida + 2 more,46 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Here at UKG, Our Purpose Is People. That’s as true for our employees as it is for our customers. We strive to create an employee experience that equips and empowers our people with the tools and resources they need to do their most inspired work.

Our love for all things HR and workforce management is matched only by our people-centered culture and our appreciation of our 15,000 employees across the globe.

We strive to create a culture of belonging and an employee experience that empowers our people, and we are known and frequently recognized for our inclusive workplace culture.


UKG delivers HCM, payroll, HR service delivery, and workforce management solutions to drive better business outcomes, improve HR effectiveness, and create a more connected experience for everyone. The company serves more than 70,000 customers across 150 countries."
Sunstone,4.1,(151 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 15 more",4 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sunstone is a leading higher education services provider that works with academic institutions in upskilling students for employability. Sunstone offers career-oriented training interventions for undergraduate and postgraduate students at 40+ institutions across 30+ cities.

With Sunstone, you not only get industry-oriented training but also become a part of a vibrant student & alumni community and exposure to experiential events & clubs.

Awarded as Edtech company of the year - Higher Education by Assocham at their 15th International Higher Education and Skill Development Summit 2022."
MBL Infrastructu...,4.0,(150 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 15 more",28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),MBL Infrastructures Limited is engaged in execution of civil engineering projects with specialisation in roads & highways. The Company posseses a rich experience in road building and maintenance. The Company has an integrated business model for EPC and BOT projects
Touchstone Educa...,3.4,(150 Reviews),Chandigarh + 24 more,25 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"We are a team of self-motivated, highly dedicated professionals with an unwavering commitment to and a single-minded focus on empowering our students with English communication skills that enable them to achieve their goals.

IDP has enthusiastically rated us as India’s number 1 IELTS institute in the country for 9 consecutive years. We have a holistic, individual-centric approach that has enabled us to consistently deliver excellent results. We hold the distinction of being the only institute in the country to have Cambridge University Press as our knowledge partner. The presence of our logo on the Official Cambridge IELTS preparation book is a testimony to the importance of this partnership. We are proud of our long and clean track record of offering English language programmes and study abroad support to students and thus fulfilling their aspirations.
Our trainers have a thorough understanding of the IELTS exam that stems from their extensive experience, robust language skills and focus on continuous upskilling.

As a leading study abroad consultant, we are the one-stop solution provider for all students and professionals who desire to pursue their higher studies and enhance their career abroad. With our assistance, our clients/students are bound to achieve great heights and succeed in fulfilling their dreams.

At Touchstone, customer service is a passion and is an essential part of our identity. We are constantly deliberating ways in which to enhance the overall client/ student experience. We treat the goals and aspirations of our students as our goals. We strongly believe that our success lies in the success of our students."
Paradeep Phospha...,4.0,(150 Reviews),Public,"Bhubaneswar,Odisha + 23 more",42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Paradeep Phosphates Ltd (PPL) is a leading fertilizer company with an annual turnover close to Rs. 5,000 crores. PPL is part of Adventz Group of Companies led by the group Chairman Mr. Saroj Kumar Poddar. Paradeep Phosphates Limited (PPL) is a subsidiary of Zuari Maroc Phosphates Private Limited (ZMPPL), a joint venture between the Adventz group company, Zuari Agro Chemicals Limited, and Maroc Phosphore S.A., a wholly owned subsidiary of OCP, Morocco (Office Cherifien des Phosphates). The Government of India holds 19.55% of shares while 80.45 % shares are held by Zuari Maroc Phosphates Pvt Ltd.The Plant with an installed annual capacity of 12, 00, 000 metric tonnes of DAP and other phosphatic fertilizers was commissioned in 1986 along with off-site facilities with a 3.4 km closed conveyor from port to plant site as well as a railway siding, raw material storage yards and a 3.1 km long pipe rack."
Nippon Express,4.1,(150 Reviews),Public,"Tokyo,Tokyo + 25 more",76 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Nippon Express services continue to expand the globe, achieving a five-point framework across Japan, the Americas and Europe, and stretching into the rapidly developing markets of East Asia, South Asia and Oceania. We see our role as a logistics consultant, providing one-stop business solutions that connect people and companies beyond national and regional boundaries, through diverse logistics modes, integrating land, air, and marine transport. We have also optimized our services on a global level to handle the mounting spread of inventory worldwide. Nippon Express offers a smooth one-stop service, from Procurement Logistics, optimizing the logistics required in product manufacturing processes, to Distribution Logistics, streamlining the product transport flow to ensure safe delivery to the end user. Nippon Express offers incomparable “strategic logistics,” combining distinctive information systems, logistics infrastructure and transport modes. This was achieved only by discarding conventional transport methods restricted by national and industrial boundaries and creating a path toward a logistics environment that optimizes each company's assets."
EASi,3.7,(150 Reviews),Private,"Hanover,Maryland + 7 more",42 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"EASi is one of the fastest-growing global leaders providing critical services in engineering and sciences. By adapting to the constantly evolving needs of our customers, we have built specialized expertise and a multidisciplinary perspective — leveraging cutting-edge technology and processes — to constantly improve and deliver innovation. Headquartered in Hanover, Maryland, EASi has 3,700 dedicated employees across North America, Europe and Asia."
Perkins,4.5,(150 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 6 more",91 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"With a history stretching back to 1932, Perkins Engines Company Limited is a world leading provider of diesel and gas engines, providing the most comprehensive range of innovative and reliable power solutions tailored to meet the precise requirements of our customers."
Aristocrat Techn...,4.3,(150 Reviews),Private,"North Ryde,NSW + 4 more",70 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Aristocrat Leisure Limited is an ASX50 listed company and one of the world’s leading providers of gaming solutions. We’re licensed in 240 gaming jurisdictions and operate in 90 countries around the world, with a team of over 3500 employees who deliver outstanding results by pushing the boundaries of innovation, creativity and technology. 

We are driven by a desire to create the world’s greatest gaming experience, every day. We offer a diverse range of products and services, including electronic gaming machines, social gaming and casino management systems. But despite our global presence and exponential growth, we remain an ideas company at heart, committed to entertaining the world one game at a time."
Income Tax Depar...,4.5,(150 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 61 more",163 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"The Income Tax Department (also referred to as IT Department or ITD) is a government agency undertaking direct tax collection of the Government of India. It functions under the Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Finance.[5] Income Tax Department is headed by the apex body Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT). Main responsibility of IT Department is to enforce various direct tax laws, most important among these being the Income-tax Act, 1961, to collect revenue for Government of India. It also enforces other economic laws like the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988[6] and the Black Money Act, 2015.[7]The Income Tax Act, 1961 has wide scope and empowers ITD to levy tax on income of individuals, firms, companies, local authorities, societies, or other artificial juridical persons.[8] Therefore, Income Tax Department influences businesses, professionals, NGOs, income earning citizens, and local authorities among others. The Act empowers Income Tax Department to tax international businesses and professionals and therefore ITD deals in all matters of Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements and various other aspects of international taxation such as Transfer pricing. Combating tax evasion and tax avoidance practices is key duty of ITD to ensure constitutionally guided political economy. One measure to combat aggressive tax avoidance is General Anti Avoidance Rules (GAAR)"
Vacmet India,4.1,(150 Reviews),Public,"Agra,Uttar Pradesh + 11 more",30 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Vacmet India Ltd. is one of the largest flexible packaging firms in India with the cumulative handling of 170,000 tons and a leading manufacturer of Polyester films, BOPP films, Specialty Coated Films, and Metallized Paper & Board. The company product lines satisfy the diverse requirements across the globe in Packaging, Textile, Industrial, Labelling, Medical, and Security"
Moon Beverages,3.8,(150 Reviews),Public,New Delhi + 10 more,36 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Moon Beverages started with manufacturing of soft drinks THUMBS UP, LIMCA, MAAZA, RIMZHIM, BISLERI, SODA GOLD SPOT under arrangement with Parle. However in 1994 the company became the authorized bottler of Coca Cola Atlanta, USA and started manufacturing and distribution of Coca Cola, Limca, Sprite, Maaza, Thums Up, Fanta, Minute Maid, Coke Zero & Kinley."
Preethi Kitchen ...,4.4,(150 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 37 more",45 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Preethi Kitchen Appliances, now seen as a giant in the industry, had a humble beginning in 1978. From a small mixer-grinder brand, it has grown into a nationally reputed kitchen appliances company. Auto-Cooker/ Warmers, Induction Cook Tops, Electric Pressure Cookers and Coffee Makers are just a few among our products to enter the hearts and kitchens of many families across the world. And these are the families that inspire us to innovate. Every Preethi appliance is efficient, contemporary and easy to use. And it keeps evolving to support and often improve the lifestyle of many a people. Preethi as an employer, is committed to presenting the most engaged experience to every employee from the time of hiring till the day the employee exits the company. A testament to our commitment in the employee experience phase has enabled us to receive the 'Dream Company to Work For'​ in Consumer Durables by the World HRD Congress and ET Now."
Cimpress,4.3,(150 Reviews),Private,"Dundalk,County Louth + 6 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We’re passionate about empowering people to make an impression through individually meaningful, personalized physical products. Cimpress makes customized print, signage, apparel, gifts, identity merchandise, packaging and other products accessible and affordable to everyone.

We seek team members and shareholders who think and act like long-term owners of Cimpress. We pursue intrinsic value per share as our uppermost financial objective because we believe that intrinsic value, not short-term financial metrics, aligns with our commitment to long-term value creation for all stakeholders: customers, team members, long-term shareholders and society.

This chart illustrates how our focus on the long term has propelled a long history of growth.

Robert Keane, our CEO, founded Cimpress in 1994 from his small apartment in Paris as a one-person company named Bonne Impression. Ever since, Cimpress has empowered customers though technology and innovation. We were the first to offer real-time (“client side”) graphic design manipulation in internet browsers. The first to use software and automation to aggregate individual web-to-print orders into batch production processes. We invest over $200 million per year in technology and development and have been awarded hundreds of patents.

Our focus is “mass customization” rather than “printing” for two reasons.

First, because we serve customer markets far beyond the traditionally-defined print industry. For instance, signage, apparel, promotional products, glassware, packaging, displays, textiles, and other products, or by customization methods other than printing such as embroidery, etching, engraving, silk screening and more.

Second, we are not a traditional supplier of any of these products. We eliminate high minimum order quantities, high prices, waste, long lead times, setup costs, and complex quoting and ordering processes. We make ordering customized goods simple and affordable."
Government of We...,3.6,(150 Reviews),Private,Howrah + 27 more,76 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"This is the Official Portal of the Government of West Bengal, India, designed, developed and hosted by the Department of Information & Cultural Affairs, Government of West Bengal. This site is technically supported by Department of Information Technology and Electronics. The Portal has been developed as a Mission Mode Project under the National E-Governance Plan of the Government. The objective behind the Portal is to provide a single window access to the information and services being provided by the Government of West Bengal for the citizens and other stakeholders. An attempt has been made through this Portal to provide comprehensive, accurate, reliable and one stop source of information about the State of West Bengal and its various facets. Links at various places, too, have been provided to other Indian and State Government Portals/websites.

The content in this Portal is the result of a collaborative effort of various State Government Ministries and Departments, at the State/District level. It is our endeavour to continue the enhancement and enrichment of this Portal in terms of content coverage, design and technology on a regular basis."
Kaleesuwari Refi...,4.0,(150 Reviews),Sole Proprietorship,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 32 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We at Kaleesuwari, zealously believe in delivering Health and Happiness through our products and are driven by virtues such as effectiveness and responsiveness, customer centricity, value for money which is demonstrated through the following strategies :Strengthening market position by increasing responsiveness to customer requirements. Providing cost-effective solutions through augmented productivity, resulting from innovation and economies of scale. Manufacturing capacity expansions which include internal expansion and increasing the number of manufacturing units. Committed to highlighting our presence with cutting-edge technology amalgamated with a variant in processes adopted from Belgium dictates our competitive advantage to achieve our vision."
Royal Research,2.4,(150 Reviews),Private,Kolkata + 4 more,10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Royal Research has its inception in December 2013 and is one of the leading editing and proof reading firm. Our main aim is to provide our students with the fastest, reliable and affordable language services.

Nowadays, students get involved so much in their assignments and research so much that they commit plenty of grammatical errors as well as they fail to convey the actual message what they wanted to. Here is where our organization plays an important role in the student’s life. We have high quality and customized editing services. We employ only the most experienced and highly educated and efficient editors. We have almost more than 200 editors that are experts in a vast range of subjects and fields, including business communication, academic editing, medical etc.

Our team is unmatchable in experience and education, and our reputation for clients is our foremost priority. We do not compromise with the quality of work we provide and this has led us to a position where we are now. Our substantial screening procedure ensures the best quality product for the students. Eventually, editing and proof reading are so much more than language correction. We believe that the quality revision services effectively contribute not just to the success of the project but also to the success of the student.

We have a team of well educated and highly experienced editors who ensures the best outcome for our students. Our work has a distinct and direct effect on the bottom line, and by extension, the economy. We ensure a student’s academic career as we serve the best quality of proofreading and editing services."
ARCADIS,4.2,(150 Reviews),Public,Amsterdam + 21 more,14 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Arcadis is the leading global Design & Consultancy firm for natural and built assets. Applying our deep market sector insights and collective design, consultancy, engineering, project and management services we work in partnership with our clients to deliver exceptional and sustainable outcomes throughout the lifecycle of their natural and built assets. We are 28,000 people, active in over 70 countries that generate €3.5 billion in revenues. We support UN-Habitat with knowledge and expertise to improve the quality of life in rapidly growing cities around the world."
SEW Infrastructu...,4.4,(150 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 18 more",63 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In the year 1960, Sri. Vallurupalli Nageswara Rao, founded 'Southern Engineering Works' (SEW) in Vijaywada, A.P. India, to pursue civil engineering construction activities. Subsequently late Sri Y. Purnachandra Rao and Sri Y.M.G. Nageswara Rao joined the company and contributed to the growth of the organization. The first project SEW worked on, was the prestigious Nagarjuna Sagar Dam in Andhra Pradesh"
Hindustan Latex ...,3.6,(150 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 41 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"HLFPPT is a Not for Profit organization promoted by HLL Lifecare Limited (a Government of India Enterprise) and registered under the Travancore-Cochi Literary, Scientific, Charitable Societies Registration Act in 1992. HLFPPT today stands as the largest and oldest Social Marketing Organisation in India.HLFPPT’s core intervention area is Reproductive and Child Health (RCH) encompassing Maternal and Child Health, Family Planning and HIV/AIDS prevention and Control.HLFPPT’s corporate office is based in NOIDA (Delhi/NCR region, India) which functions through an extended network of regional offices spread across India to facilitate project implementation and monitoring."
Smc Insurance Br...,3.8,(150 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 29 more",33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"SMC Insurance Brokers (P) Ltd is a Direct Insurance Broker registered with Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) for providing a wide array of insurance services (both life and non-life) under professional guidance. The company is headquartered in Delhi with a Pan India network. SMC Insurance is a team with more than 100 men-years of domain experience. It possesses the expertise in Risk Management, Underwriting Management, Claims Management. It enjoys a unique blend of manpower with both experience of veterans and enthusiasm of youth. Our Philosophy We believe that ""a transaction is for a moment but a relationship is forever""​. Hence we give all transactions equal importance and strive to offer our esteemed clientele an unmatched service."
Income Tax Depar...,4.5,(150 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 61 more",163 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"The Income Tax Department (also referred to as IT Department or ITD) is a government agency undertaking direct tax collection of the Government of India. It functions under the Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Finance.[5] Income Tax Department is headed by the apex body Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT). Main responsibility of IT Department is to enforce various direct tax laws, most important among these being the Income-tax Act, 1961, to collect revenue for Government of India. It also enforces other economic laws like the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988[6] and the Black Money Act, 2015.[7]The Income Tax Act, 1961 has wide scope and empowers ITD to levy tax on income of individuals, firms, companies, local authorities, societies, or other artificial juridical persons.[8] Therefore, Income Tax Department influences businesses, professionals, NGOs, income earning citizens, and local authorities among others. The Act empowers Income Tax Department to tax international businesses and professionals and therefore ITD deals in all matters of Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements and various other aspects of international taxation such as Transfer pricing. Combating tax evasion and tax avoidance practices is key duty of ITD to ensure constitutionally guided political economy. One measure to combat aggressive tax avoidance is General Anti Avoidance Rules (GAAR)"
Moon Beverages,3.8,(150 Reviews),Public,New Delhi + 10 more,36 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Moon Beverages started with manufacturing of soft drinks THUMBS UP, LIMCA, MAAZA, RIMZHIM, BISLERI, SODA GOLD SPOT under arrangement with Parle. However in 1994 the company became the authorized bottler of Coca Cola Atlanta, USA and started manufacturing and distribution of Coca Cola, Limca, Sprite, Maaza, Thums Up, Fanta, Minute Maid, Coke Zero & Kinley."
MBL Infrastructu...,4.0,(150 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 15 more",28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),MBL Infrastructures Limited is engaged in execution of civil engineering projects with specialisation in roads & highways. The Company posseses a rich experience in road building and maintenance. The Company has an integrated business model for EPC and BOT projects
Theobroma Foods,3.9,(150 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 14 more",19 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Theobroma is a Parsi family owned and managed chain of patisseries and cafes in India.We opened our doors in 2004 and have since established ourselves as a leading food & beverage destination in a highly competitive environment. Theobroma has grown from it’s humble beginnings at the iconic Cusrow Baug at Colaba Causeway, Mumbai to a rapidly growing chain of patisseries and cafes. Our commitment to quality, innovative products, honest prices and personalised service have ensured a long list of loyal guests."
Perkins,4.5,(150 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 6 more",91 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"With a history stretching back to 1932, Perkins Engines Company Limited is a world leading provider of diesel and gas engines, providing the most comprehensive range of innovative and reliable power solutions tailored to meet the precise requirements of our customers."
Msn Life Science...,4.5,(150 Reviews),Chegunta + 5 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Finolex Ind,4.2,(150 Reviews),Pune + 29 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Cadence Design S...,4.3,(150 Reviews),Public,"San Jose,California + 9 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Cadence is a pivotal leader in electronic design, building upon more than 30 years of computational software expertise. The company applies its underlying Intelligent System Design strategy to deliver software, hardware, and IP that turn design concepts into reality. For six years in a row, Fortune Magazine has named Cadence one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For.

Cadence customers are the world’s most innovative companies, delivering extraordinary electronic products from chips to boards to systems for the most dynamic market applications including consumer, hyperscale computing, 5G communications, automotive, aerospace, industrial and health.

We pride ourselves on creating and sustaining a company culture, that drives innovation and business success. Cadence is recognized as a Great Place to Work around the world, including as one of the Fortune “100 Best Companies to Work For” over the last six years."
BrightCHAMPS,3.9,(150 Reviews),"Bangalore,Karnataka + 14 more",3 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Congruex Asia Pa...,4.1,(150 Reviews),LLC,"Boulder,Colorado + 4 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Congruex Group LLC (Congruex) was founded in 2016 by industry executives, Bill Beans and Kevin O’Hara, to take advantage of the robust demand for engineering and construction services within the telecommunications and utility industries. There are very few companies in this space that operate at full scale, and even fewer that can self-perform both engineering and construction services. Our vision for Congruex is to become just that – an end-to-end provider of turn-key network design, engineering, construction, and maintenance for national broadband operators. Congruex Culture It is our mission to satisfy our customers by providing the expertise, technology, and resources necessary to build better networks. Congruex supports diversity, inclusion, and the right to live freely with mutual respect. We stand against discrimination and violence of any kind. We want every employee to embrace their beliefs, feel secure in their own skin, celebrate their unique story, and feel empowered as a significant contributor to their community, and our business. These values are ingrained in our core values of GRIT. At Congruex, GRIT is an acronym for guts, reliability, improvement, and teamwork - having the GUTS to do the right thing, being RELIABLE to deliver what we promise, IMPROVING ourselves every day, and embracing TEAMWORK together as ONE CONGRUEX"
ShortHills Tech,4.7,(150 Reviews),Private,New Jersey + 1 more,5 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"ShortHills Tech is a Digital Enablement and Analytics start-up. The company has been started by serial entrepreneurs from IIT/IIM who have built, led, and exited businesses at scale. ShortHills Tech offers end-to-end solutions powered by Technology, Marketing, Cloud, Data Analysis, and Machine Learning (ML). We develop applications in Python, Java, Node as well as other languages like PHP, React, Angular or Ruby. We also set-up and manage Big Data clusters using Hadoop."
Maharishi Vidya ...,4.3,(149 Reviews),Private,Bhopal + 57 more,40 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Maharishi Vidya Mandir Schools (MVMs) is leading amongst best public schools in India like all other Maharishi Institutions is established to introduce Maharishiji's Consciousness Based Education System in mainstream school education to its students. This system (MCBE) has been tried, implemented successfully and is repeatedly verified by over 700 scientific research studies conducted in 215 universities and independent research institutions of 35 countries. These studies have been published in 6 volumes and have documented the remarkable benefits of Consciousness Based Education e.g. greater use of intelligence, superior brain wave functioning, faster learning ability, faster reaction time, coherent thought process, longer retention of knowledge, improved health and reversal of aging."
Saurav Chemicals,3.9,(149 Reviews),Private,"Panchkula,Haryana + 9 more",32 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"SCL was commissioned to be a reliable supply and solution provider by making world class intermediates and partner up with clients worldwideEstablished in the early 90’s, SCL started primarily as an Intermediate manufacturer. Presently, we take pride as being one of the largest Cephalosporin and Carbapenem Intermediate manufacturer in India. With the inception of API facility in 2004, SCL offers a wide range of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients to its customers worldwide"
HDFC Asset Manag...,3.8,(149 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 67 more,24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are India’s largest and most profitable mutual fund manager with ₹3.7 trillion in assets under management. Started in 1999, we were set up as a joint venture between Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited (“HDFC”) and Standard Life Investments Limited (“SLI”). During FY18-19 we carried out an initial public offering, and became a publicly listed company in August 2018.

We offer a comprehensive suite of savings and investment products across asset classes, which provide income and wealth creation opportunities to our large retail and institutional customer base of 9.4 million live accounts. We have a dominant position in equity investments, with the highest market share in actively managed equity-oriented funds. Our strengths lie in delivering simple and accessible investment products for the average Indian household. We are the most preferred choice for retail investors, with the highest market share in assets from individual investors. Over one in four Indian mutual fund investors have invested in at least one of our schemes.

Our company is part of HDFC Group, a recognized financial conglomerate, with presence in housing finance, banking, life and non-life insurance, asset management, real estate funds and education finance."
Continuum Manage...,3.9,(149 Reviews),Private,"Tampa,Florida + 3 more",18 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Continuum is transforming the way IT and cybersecurity are delivered to small businesses. We believe technology should empower business growth, not bottleneck it—and we’re 100% committed to helping MSPs and their customers take on whatever lies ahead.
Whether you’re an established IT shop, a technology vendor or a working professional, there’s no limit to what we can accomplish together."
Kalyani Forge,3.2,(149 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 1 more",44 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Kalyani Forge Ltd is one of India's oldest and most established manufacturers of precision forged and machined components. Our technical capabilities include hot, warm and cold forgings as well as precision machining. With 3 TS 16949 certified facilities in Pune, India, Kalyani Forge is ideally located near raw material sources as well as the seaport of Mumbai. Our customer base includes global leaders in automotive and non automotive segments. With over thirty years of experience and deep technical expertise, Kalyani Forge today provides design-to-launch capabilities which are critical for its customer's success."
Timex Group Indi...,4.1,(149 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 21 more",169 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Timex Group B.V., orTimex Group, is a Dutchholding companyheadquartered inHoofddorp, theNetherlands. It is the corporate parent of several global watchmaking companies includingTimex Group USA, Inc.,[2]TMX Philippines, Inc., and Timex Group India Ltd."
SEED Infotech,3.8,(149 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 14 more",29 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Incorporated in 1994, SEED Infotech Ltd. has relentlessly pursued IT education beyond the obvious. A pioneering institution that takes you through your entire career lifecycle successfully, SEED Infotech has always been focused on going one more additional mile in Training in Information Technology, Staffing and Consulting. Today, as an ISO 9001:2015 Certified Organization headquartered in Pune, India’s IT hub, we deliver educational excellence through proven models across 50 locations in India. Our human capital, a 600+ strong team of qualified and certified professionals is the core of our success. • 23+ years of expertise in IT training • ISO 9001:2015 Certified Organization • 6,50,000 students and professionals trained • 600 + strong team of qualified professionals Add to this, powerful associations with Global Technology Leaders such as Microsoft, Oracle, HP, PMI, Prometric, Red Hat, Pearson VUE, Kryterion, Salesforce, EC-Council, Hortonworks, Peoplecert & SAP and you have a pioneering institution that takes you through your entire career lifecycle successfully. SEED is also the training partner of NSDC (National Skill Development Corporation) and IICA (Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs) Associations with Global Technology Leaders such as Microsoft, PMI, Oracle, Red Hat, HP, Salesforce, Hortonworks, PeopleCert, SAP, EC Council, Prometric, Kryterion, Pearson Vue, Gasq, are undoubtedly the core strengths."
Volvo Trucks,4.2,(149 Reviews),Private,Gothenburg + 23 more,95 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Volvo Trucks is one of the largest heavy-duty truck brands in the world. More than 95% of the trucks we build are over 16 tonnes. And we make vehicles that are sold and serviced in more than 130 countries all over the world.

Our strategy revolves around satisfied and productive customers and in this, we're supported by over 2100 dealerships and workshops. Trucks constitute our main product selection, but we also provide aftermarket products and service as well as specific offers.

Volvo Trucks are assembled in 15 countries across the globe. About 95% of the company's production capacity is located in Sweden, Belgium, Brazil and the USA.

Through our entire organisation we focus on our core values: Quality, Safety and Environmental care. We strive for satisfied customers and to be an attractive employer."
Vyom Labs,3.6,(149 Reviews),Private,Pune + 4 more,20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Our approach of using expert systems and automation in IT infrastructure and cloud management helps companies save 20 to 40% costs, achieve 3 to 10 times faster response to business, eliminate errors in operations and present value of IT in business terms.

If you are looking for solution partner or services partner to help you manage your IT, we can bring in unique tools, innovative approaches and years of experience serving customers of various sizes across the world.

The unique value we bring in as an organization is blend of

Best of breed IT Management and Automation solutions.
Best of breed IT Infrastructure and Cloud Management services powered by Automation.
Right size solutions and services for Large, Medium and Small businesses."
The New India As...,4.4,(149 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 55 more",104 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"NEW INDIA ASSURANCE CO. LTD, founded by Sir Dorabji Tata in 1919, a Multinational General Insurance Company, today operates in 28 countries and headquartered at Mumbai, India. Our global business crossed Rs. 26607 crores in March 2019.We have been market leaders in India in Non-Life business for more than 40 years. Our Indian business crossed Rs.23910 crores in March 2019. We are the only direct insurer in India rated A-(Excellent) by AM BEST Company since 2007. We have been rated AAA/Stable by CRISIL since 2014, indicating that the Company has the highest degree of Financial Strength to honour its Policyholder's obligations.We have been leading the market, apart from premium, in reserves & net worth for many years."
Midland Microfin,3.7,(149 Reviews),"Jalandhar,Punjab + 47 more",12 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Midland Microfin Ltd is an ‘NBFC-MFI’ registered with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI registration No. B-06.00458) having Head Office at Jalandhar, Punjab to deal in microfinance in India."
Archirodon,4.2,(149 Reviews),Private,"Dordrecht,South Holland + 13 more",64 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Archirodon, a large diversified international contracting organization, was established in 1959 in the form of a J.V. of the Greek firms Archimidis, Greece’s foremost marine contractor at the time and Odon & Odostromaton, a road construction specialist group.
Guided by two of Greece’s most prominent construction pioneers, Theodore Constantopoulos and Constantinos Karpidas, the Joint Venture started its professional life by building the ports of Benghazi in Libya (1961) and subsequently the port of Beirut in Lebanon (1962).The Joint Venture’s success soon led it to develop into a major contractor in its own merit, establishing itself in 1971 as Archirodon Construction (Overseas) Co. S.A. Under sound management, dedicated professional manpower and the quality and reliability of its work, the company further developed, expanding its operations initially in Saudi Arabia and subsequently in other Gulf countries, in North Africa and the Mediterranean area.Among its early projects had been the construction of the multi-million dollar seaports of Jeddah and Dammam and other major ports in Saudi Arabia, three ports in the United Arab Emirates, and numerous other important marine works.In the 1980s and 1990s Archirodon, while still upholding its reputation as one of the top marine contractors internationally, further developed into a general contracting group, diversifying into other fields including roads, bridges, railroads, industrial facilities, power, water and sanitation, oil and gas, dredging, electromechanical and geotechnical works.Among Archirodon’s major projects are marine jetties for oil and LNG unloading facilities, petrochemical and other berths in Saudi Arabia, Oman, Qatar and Egypt, as well as dredging and shore protection, etc.Additionally, container terminals and other port construction works have been carried out in Oman, Cyprus, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, and Egypt. Moreover, major bridges have been constructed in Saudi Arabia and Bahrain as well as in Abu Dhabi where the landmark Sheikh Zayed 960 m long Third Crossing bridge and the 1.6 billion Khalifa port were recently completed.	All civil and marine, as well as electromechanical works for the 14X370 MW Shoaiba Steam Power Plant in Saudi Arabia have been also carried out by Archirodon as partner of a consortium. Other power plant experience includes two thermal power plants in Egypt and work for three IWPPs (two on a subcontract basis from Siemens) in Saudi Arabia.At present, Archirodon with its parent company Archirodon Group N.V., registered in the Netherlands since 2000, has main offices, branches and project sites in Saudi Arabia, the U.A.E, Switzerland, Qatar, Oman, Kuwait, Egypt, Libya, Morocco, Greece, Cyprus, Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan.Additionaly to its diversified activities, ranging from feasibility studies to complete turnkey EPC projects, Archirodon has established a large engineering department to handle the most specialized engineering work required by its multi-discipline projects.Archirodon maintains an Integrated Management System (IMS), a powerful tool to guide and support all Archirodon staff in their day to day work. The IMS system incorporates a great part of the company's accumulated experience and know how, covers Archirodon’s business needs, complies with the International Standards ISO 9001, OHSAS 18001, ISO 14001, the Technical Specification ISO/TS 29001 and also meets our Clients’ requirements.Archirodon is certified by TÜV Nord from 2002 under ISO 9001, OHSAS 18001 and ISO 14001 quality, health, safety and environmental international standards and from 2015 under the Technical Specification ISO/TS 29001 quality management systems for the Petroleum, Petrochemical and Natural Gas Industries. The company's staff of over 16,000 at present, includes specialized engineers, operators and skilled technicians. Archirodon also owns an impressive array of plant and equipment articles, part of which consists of 228 marine equipment units, including floating cranes, floating platforms, dredgers, barges, etc. as well as a large number of land-based construction machinery."
Burns & McDonnel...,4.4,(149 Reviews),Private,"Kansas City,Missouri + 1 more",125 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are a family of companies made up of more than 7,000 engineers, architects, construction professionals, planners, estimators, economists, technicians, scientists and consultants with offices across the U.S. and throughout the world.

With a mission unchanged since 1898 — make our clients successful — we partner with you on the toughest challenges, constantly working to make the world an amazing place.

As a 100% employee-owned firm ranking in the top leading firms for safety, each professional brings an ownership mentality to our projects. That means we think like owners, working through each challenge until it’s resolved, exceeding our clients’ goals."
Netenrich Techno...,4.0,(149 Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 4 more",19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Driven to change IT’s value to business.Netenrich was born from the idea that technology should serve business, and not the other way around. From the very moment of our incorporation, we’ve worked tirelessly to develop new ideas, teams and services that deliver on that promise. We believe that companies can do great things with technology that’s simple, efficient, effective and innovative. And that’s exactly what we provide.Fast track your digital transformation with our next-gen, platform-driven, outcome-based services. Netenrich is the expert in providing IT Managed Services – Cloud, IT Operations, DC/Networks, Cyber Security, deployments, and more."
Shubhalakshmi Po...,3.8,(149 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 8 more,44 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are one of the leading manufacturer of Polyester chips & yarns. The company is an ISO 9001:2008 & OEKO-TEX certified for accrediting the quality standards maintained by the company and take our quality controls to the high level. Our present existence is in South America, Africa, Europe, Southeast Asia and others. Thanks to our high standards, Shubhalakshmi has emerged as a supplier of choice for man-made yarns. With hard work and know-how we've earned a reputation for quality, and we intend to stay on top through continuous technological innovation and increasing process integration Our advanced winding machinery comes from two technology leaders in the industry: Barmag (Germany) and TMT (Japan). A variety of texturising, twisting, draw winder, splitting and air texture machines account for our full range of products. We use machinery from Muratec, Himson, and AIKI Riotech. Shubhalakshmi Polyesters Ltd. has pushed the boundaries of material technology to create innovative new products in-house. We even go to the length of making fabric with all newly developed yarns to provide the guidance our customers demand."
Chandan Steel,3.5,(149 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 11 more",54 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Quality is the result of intelligent effort. Efforts lead to innovation. A single innovation sparks the beginning of an evolution. More than four decades ago, an evolution started taking place; by beginning as a trading company, to primarily import Stainless Steel products.

The seed of passion that was sown then, took the final shape of a company. Experience, expertise, and excellence formed its foundation. Finally, the name, the world recognized and connected with, is today an emerging name in the civilization of steel manufacturers – Chandan Steel Limited.

At Chandan Steel Limited, they believe that steel is at the core of all developments; be it national or international. Every structure that stands strong has stainless steel in it. Unbent, tough, reliable, the metal’s glaze is a standing proof of the limitless possibilities that it has been powering from centuries after centuries.

The entire infrastructure industry is dependent on this shiny metal to translate imaginations into reality. To be precise, stainless steel itself has also played a major role in serving as a constant inspiration for everyone associated with Chandan Steel Ltd to take up challenges, defy old notions associated with the process of manufacturing stainless steel and continue moving ahead; to see themselves at a position of high repute and global recognition.

Competitive by nature, progressive by action, driven by innovations; Chandan Steel Limited belongs to the modern genre of achievers. Aided by state-of-the-art equipments, the brand name is valued across all business sectors.

Chandan Steel Limited has from time to time reinvented itself and adapted flexibly to the demands of time. From acquiring sophisticated machineries to introducing its team of experts to newer possibilities in the stainless steel sector, Chandan Steel Limited continues making new forays in the global market.

As a recyclable material, stainless steel continues to possess great sustainability credentials. The key role that stainless steel plays in everyday life and continues to present Chandan Steel Limited with opportunities that are purely driven by growth, foresightedness, and credibility.

Internationally too, Chandan Steel Limited has earned itself a reputation of being a company that delivers quality. Operating out of India and touching global shores, Chandan Steel Limited continues to take up more challenges, only to create more possibilities, which will serve as benchmarks for others to follow."
Gravita,4.4,(149 Reviews),Public,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 10 more",31 years old,201-500 Employees (India),Gravita India Ltd is one of the largest lead producer in India established in the year 1992 at Jaipur. Company is anchored by more than 500 forward looking professionals. The company is dedicated to Lead & Lead Products with environment friendly process.
International Tr...,4.1,(149 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 16 more",42 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"International Travel House Limited (ITH) started operations in 1981 as India's first publicly listed travel company. With a diverse product portfolio, extensive national footprint, strong reputation for service quality (ISO 9001:2015 certified) and reliability, ITH has become one of India's most admired travel companies."
Elite Elevators,4.4,(149 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 13 more",20 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Elite Elevators is India’s leading and only certified home elevator company. We are the authorised partner of TK Access Solutions, a division of TK Elevators, Germany - one of the world’s leading manufacturers of mobility solutions for homes and public spaces. Renowned for their safety, quality and technology, our home elevators are made in Pisa, Italy.  
We deal with premium home elevators designed for private residences. Our key products are hydraulic home elevators, CogBelt home elevators and ASL stairlifts - all certified by TÜV SÜD. Our home elevators help make day-to-day living better. Every home elevator has an innovative design coupled with a range of customisations to create the ultimate experience."
PPD,4.3,(149 Reviews),Private,"Wilmington,North Carolina + 7 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At PPD, our purpose is to improve health, our mission is to help our customers deliver life-changing therapies and our strategy is to bend the cost and time curve of drug development and optimize value.

As a global provider of clinical development and laboratory services, focused on operational excellence, we improve health by helping customers deliver life-changing medicines. Patients are always at the heart of our work. This is what drives us to continually reimagine – and reformulate – the future of pharmaceutical product development. 

We deploy our passion, innovative spirit, and exceptional span and quality of solutions to demonstrate the effectiveness, safety, and value of new therapies."
Nabard Financial...,4.3,(149 Reviews),Public,Bengaluru + 68 more,14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NABFINS Limited( Formerly NABARD Financial Services Limited), [NABFINS] is a subsidiary of the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) with equity participation from NABARD, Government of Karnataka, Canara Bank, Union Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, Dhanalakshmi Bank and Federal Bank. It is a non-deposit taking NBFC registered with the Reserve Bank of India and shall operate throughout India. The main objectives of the Company are to provide financial services in two broad areas of agriculture and microfinance. NABFINS provides credit and other facilities for promotion, expansion, commercialization, and modernization of agriculture and allied activities. NABFINS shall engage in the business of providing microfinance services (with or without thrift) and other facilities to needy and disadvantageous sections of the society for securing their prosperity in both rural and urban areas.

NABARD, which is the world-renowned apex development bank of our country and pioneered the world’s largest microfinance movement, while promoting NABFINS has envisaged that NABFINS shall evolve into a Model Microfinance Institution to set standards of governance among the MFIs, operate with exemplary levels of transparency and operate at reasonable/moderate rates of interest."
Reliable Autotec...,4.2,(149 Reviews),"Nasik/Nashik,Maharashtra + 2 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"In 1985, three enterprising engineers – Rajendra Bagwe, Devendra Bapat and Amol Chitnis – after a few years of industrial experience, decided to make it on their own and set up their first industrial venture by the name of ‘Reliable Engineers’ to manufacture pressed components mainly for the automobile industry. In 1989, its constitution was changed and Reliable Technocrats Pvt. Ltd. (RTPL) was formed. Reliable is a sheet-metal based engineering and manufacturing company catering to the automotive, farm equipment and construction equipment sectors. Our core strengths lie in the designing and manufacturing of sheet-metal components, stamping dies, welding fixtures, high-tonnage components and welded assemblies for off-road, on-road vehicles, tractors and earthmovers."
Central Institut...,4.1,(149 Reviews),Government,"Dhanbad,Jharkhand + 8 more",16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"CSIR-CENTRAL INSTITUTE OF MINING AND FUEL RESEARCH (CIMFR)DHANBAD, a constituent laboratory under the aegis of Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), New Delhi aims to provide R&D inputs for the entire coal-energy chain encompassing exploration, mining and utilization. The laboratory also strives to develop mineral based industries to reach the targeted production for country’s energy security and growth with high standards of safety, economy and cleaner environment.In view of the National Missions recently declared by the Government of India, CIMFR has re-aligned its vision, missions and policies and also redefined targets for shortand long terms. 

This would promote rapid sustainable national techno-economic growth withequal emphasis on self-sustenance. CSIR-CIMFR is located in the town of Dhanbad, known as coal capital of India of Jharkhand state of India. It is strategically situated in the Damodar basin of Eastern part of the country which is endowed with rich coal deposits and hosts several large mineral based industries."
Arcesium,3.9,(149 Reviews),LLC,"New York City,New York + 2 more",8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Arcesium is a technology and tech-enabled services company. We deliver front, middle, and back office solutions to some of the world’s most sophisticated institutional asset managers, hedge funds, asset allocators, and banks. Through a combination of advanced automation, innovative data management tools, and anomaly-resolution workflows, Arcesium’s clients can achieve a single source of truth, scalable to millions of data points, for use throughout their entire organization."
Vishay Component...,4.0,(171 Reviews),Private,"Search ResultsWeb ResultsMalvern,Pennsylvania + 4 more",61 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Vishay Components India Pvt Ltd - Manufacturer of electrical capacitor, electrical resistors & electrical sensors in Pune, Maharashtra."
IB Group,3.9,(148 Reviews),Private,"Rajnandgaon,Chhattisgarh + 31 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"IB Group central India largest protein centric conglomerate. Our business verticals include Livestock rearing, animal feed manufacturing, specialized pet food, edible oil extraction, dairy industry and education sector. IB Group's revenues are approx Rs. 5,000 crores. We are a well diversified conglomerate, and we believe in serving quality protein & nutritious products.""Putting the protein into India's nutrition.""​ is what we aim at & continuously strive towards achieving our goal.Some of our products include:# IB 308 AP: Protein rich commercial chicken.# ABIS Gold: Refined Soybean Oil for healthy heart.# ABIS Milk: Purest milk from Indias largest Dairy. # DROOLS: A range of super specialized food for your pets.@ IB Group we believe in technology, & are proud of possessing the most advanced manufacturing facilities in India, ensuring that our products are un-hand-touched.IB Group's CSR activity includes Aziz English Medium School, and we are proud to be one of the largest school in Chhattisgarh, educating over 7,000 students FREE of Cost."
DST Worldwide Se...,3.9,(148 Reviews),Hyderabad/Secunderabad + 3 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Franchise India ...,2.2,(148 Reviews),Private,"New Delhi,Delhi + 19 more",24 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Franchise India Brands Limited is the investment and asset based company of Franchise India Group, which has wide experience in franchise development, business expansion, corporate advisory services, consultancy, multi-brand integration, financial and operational expertise.Franchise India Brands provides the structure to develop, grow and expand various business models and is built around the idea of profitable and sustainable growth through partnering.It has expertise in the following areas of business: Brokerage Consulting Management Capital"
GE Capital,4.4,(148 Reviews),Private,Norwalk + 9 more,91 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"GE Capital is the financial services division of GE, focused on serving customers and markets aligned with GE’s industrial businesses. From emerging markets to developed economies, our focused team of finance experts connect capital to infrastructure and deliver innovative financial solutions that help make the world work better."
Radium Creation,3.9,(148 Reviews),Private,Navi Mumbai + 4 more,32 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Radium Creation Limited established in 1991, with just 3 employees and today it has evolved into a 2000 employee, straight 667 times increase in workforce. It has 26 years of history in manufacturing and exporting of fashion jewelry to more than 54 counties around the world and we are the only company in this field with single roof production and QC facility in India with a state of the art manufacturing facility at Gujarat. The company’s products and services are to the international standard and our policy is to build and maintain business relations with better service and quality products."
Overnite Express,3.5,(148 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 33 more",36 years old,1-10 Employees (India),"Overnite Express Ltd - Domestic & International Couriers - embarked on its journey in the year 1987 with offices located only in the major metros of the country namely Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata.Since then, we have been growing rapidly and going places."
ICICI Merchant S...,3.9,(148 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 41 more,14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ICICI Merchant Services represents an alliance formed in 2009 between ICICI Bank – India’s largest private sector bank, and First Data – the global leader in payment technology and services solutions.

ICICI Merchant Services is an India merchant services company providing credit card payment processing services. We offer tailor-made payment solutions with local expertise and customer care for all business types. ICICI Bank - India's largest private sector bank, and First Data - a global leader in electronic commerce and payment services, together offer reliable, world-class card acceptance solutions in India through ICICI Merchant Services."
Ict Sms,3.6,(148 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 7 more",14 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"About UsICT Service Management Solutions (India) Private Limited provides a wide variety of industry-leading post-sales service solutions. The solutions designed by ICT Service Management Solutions (India) Private Limited focus on in-depth, tailored programs to directly support our client's service requirements.ICT Service Management Solutions (India) Private Limited provides a wide variety of industry-leading post-sales service solutions. The solutions designed by ICT Service Management Solutions (India) Private Limited focus on in-depth, tailored programs to directly support our client's service requirements."
Sagar Cements,4.4,(148 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 19 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sagar Cements Limited (SCL) is a Company of over 3 decades, engaged in manufacture of Cement at its Plant in Mattampally, Suryapet District, Telangana."
IQ BackOffice,3.8,(148 Reviews),Private,"El Segundo,California + 1 more",21 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"IQ BackOffice is a leader in finance outsourcing, accounting outsourcing and human resources outsourcing, offering 99.97% accuracy and up to 68% savings to companies around the globe. We deliver customized solutions for transactional activities with our accounts payable outsourcing, accounts receivable outsourcing and payroll outsourcing services, plus general accounting outsourcing and financial statement preparation to create a complete finance and accounting solution."
KrazyBee,4.0,(148 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 8 more",7 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"KrazyBee is India's Largest Student Credit Platform, where college students can purchase anything online, and pay back later via flexible monthly payments. KrazyBee has multiple offerings ranging from financial aid for e-commerce purchases (with partnerships with all leading e-commerce platforms like Amazon, Flipkart, Paytm, Myntra etc.) to two-wheeler loans (both first-hand & second-hand), semester loans (college tuition fees) and even cash loans (Paytm recharge & top-ups on KrazyBee Student PayCard - India's First Student Credit Card). Within its first 2 years of operations, KrazyBee has expanded to 37 cities in India; and with a registered user base of over 7.5 Lakh users. KrazyBee is a brand of Finnovation Tech Solutions Pvt Ltd, which is a Series-A funded company with investment over 50 Million USD from various investors."
Shreya Life Scie...,3.6,(148 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 26 more",22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"One man's vision in Moscow, Russia in 1995.The one man vision with a humble beginning of Distribution & Marketing of Pharmaceutical business in Russia ultimately led to the formation of Shreya Life Sciences Pvt. Ltd. which was established in India 2001.Now Shreya has business operations in both Domestic and International markets viz. India, Russia, CIS Countries,South East Asia, Africa & Latin America."
Cliantha Researc...,4.3,(148 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 5 more",19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Cliantha Research, a full-service Clinical Research Organization (CRO), is a leading provider of Clinical research services, based in Ahmedabad, India. Cliantha’s mission is Science with Integrity. Cliantha has fifteen years of impeccable regulatory history with USFDA, WHO, MHRA, Health Canada, AGES, AEMPS, MCC, MOH, ANSM, MOPH, ANVISA, CAP, and NABL.

Cliantha Research is headquartered in India with facilities in Ahmedabad, Noida and Vadodara. Cliantha has a presence in USA (facilities in Florida and Project Management in New Jersey), Canada (facilities in Mississauga, Winnipeg and Scarborough) and Portugal (Project management).

In fifteen years, Cliantha has accumulated expertise in Early Phase (BA/BE), First in Man, Late Phase (various therapeutic areas), Respiratory, Tobacco Research, Dermatology, Consumer Research, Analytical lab, Diagnostic Central lab, IVRT, IVPT, Biometrics, Environmental Exposure Chambers, Pharmacovigilance and Medical Services."
Hindustan Pencil...,4.3,(148 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 35 more",65 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Hindustan Pencils Pvt. Ltd. is an Indian manufacturer of pencils, writing materials and other stationery items, established in 1958 in Bombay. The company makes writing implements under the brands Nataraj and Apsara, and claims to be the largest pencil manufacturer in India"
Vedang Radio Tec...,4.1,(148 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 21 more",18 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"VEDANG is a key player in design, development and manufacture of Radio Frequency (RF) and Microwave (MW) Products for Commercial Telecom, Defence and other Civilian Applications.Our products ranges from the coverage enhancement, spectrum efficiency and quality improvement systems for wireless telecom market to High Power Amplifiers (GeN and LDMOSS), High Power Pin Diode Switch, High Speed Scan Receivers, Radios, Signal Source etc. for Telecom, Defence and other Civilian Applications"
S.K. Finance,4.1,(148 Reviews),Jaipur + 55 more,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Saudi Oger,4.4,(148 Reviews),Private,Riyadh + 10 more,45 years old,1-10 Employees (India),"The Company employs highly qualified executives, professional managers and several thousands of high caliber skilled people whose disciplines cover and support every aspect of its business lines. Today, Saudi Oger Limited line of business covers Construction and Engineering, Facilities Management, Real Estate Development, Telecommunications, Utilities & IT services, and Printing."
Indian Steel Cor...,4.0,(148 Reviews),Public,"Indore,Madhya Pradesh + 7 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Steel . . . a word often used as a synonym to strength. At ISC we have acquired this all important strength, in our values, depth of Knowledge, and dedication of a team with nerves of steel. This indeed is the strength on which ISC thrives. All this to deliver excellence in our cold rolled steel & coated steel products and that exactly is what makes us a world class company."
Kalyani Motors,3.9,(148 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 3 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Kalyani Motors, established by an insightful personage Late Sri S Anantha Raju, began its Maruti Suzuki dealership in Bengaluru in 2006, as an authorised Sales and Service Dealer. Kalyani Motors believes in customer satisfaction and constantly aims to enhance its quality standards to achieve perfection."
Starbucks,4.3,(148 Reviews),Public,"Seattle,Washington + 20 more",52 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Every day, we go to work hoping to do two things: share great coffee with our friends and help make the world a little better. It was true when the first Starbucks opened in 1971, and it’s just as true today. Back then, the company was a single store in Seattle’s historic Pike Place Market. From just a narrow storefront, Starbucks offered some of the world’s finest fresh-roasted whole bean coffees. The name, inspired by Moby Dick, evoked the romance of the high seas and the seafaring tradition of the early coffee traders.

In 1981, Howard Schultz (Starbucks chairman and chief executive officer) had first walked into a Starbucks store. From his first cup of Sumatra, Howard was drawn into Starbucks and joined a year later. In 1983, Howard traveled to Italy and became captivated with Italian coffee bars and the romance of the coffee experience. He had the vision to bring the Italian coffeehouse tradition back to the United States. A place for conversation and a sense of community. A third place between work and home. He left Starbucks for a short period of time to start his own Il Giornale coffeehouses and returned in August 1987 to purchase Starbucks with the help of local investors.

From the beginning, Starbucks set out to be a different kind of company. One that not only celebrated coffee and the rich tradition, but that also brought a feeling of connection. We’re not just passionate purveyors of coffee, but everything else that goes with a full and rewarding coffeehouse experience. We also offer a selection of premium teas, fine pastries and other delectable treats to please the taste buds. And the music you hear in store is chosen for its artistry and appeal. It’s not unusual to see people coming to Starbucks to chat, meet up, or even work. We’re a neighborhood gathering place, a part of the daily routine – and we couldn’t be happier about it. Get to know us and you’ll see: we are so much more than what we brew. We make sure everything we do is through the lens of humanity – from our commitment to the highest quality coffee in the world to the way we engage with our customers and communities to do business responsibly."
Amelia Global Se...,3.3,(148 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 2 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Dalmia Bharat Gr...,4.0,(2.3k Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 39 more,84 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),"The Dalmia Bharat Group was founded in 1939 by the late Shri Jaidayal Dalmia.

Having been around for more than 80 years, the group now enjoys leadership in core sectors such as Cement, Refractories and Sugar.

The Cement business, through sustainability initiatives, has achieved the lowest carbon footprint in the cement sector globally and is amongst the most efficient cement companies in the world.

Being one of the leading sugar producers in the country, the sugar business is geographically well diversified and committed to ‘Green Growth’ which empowers the group to enhance value for all its customers.

Traditionally present in southern, eastern, northern and north-eastern India, the group, through its refractories business, has expanded its footprints globally by making various acquisitions in Germany and other European countries.

In the last sixteen years, the group’s sales have grown at a CAGR of 24% to over ₹ 13,800 Cr in the year 2021 and the market cap has also grown to ₹ 31,191 Cr in the year 2021.

As of today, the group’s companies collectively employ over 8500 people.

The group’s strong commitment towards nation building has been represented in the construction of landmark projects such as the Hirakud Dam, the Dhola Sadiya Bridge, the Kochi Metro and the Chennai Metro."
Speridian Techno...,4.0,(147 Reviews),Private,"Albuquerque,New Mexico + 8 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"As a global business and technology solutions provider, Speridian and its 1,000+ business and technology experts help clients modernize their businesses through Digital Transformation. Headquartered in Albuquerque, NM, with regional offices across the globe, Speridian has been at the forefront of CRM, ERP, HR, CX Innovation since 2003. Our Next-Gen Solutions Practice combined with our partnerships with leading innovators such as Oracle, Microsoft, Salesforce, Amazon, UiPath, Evolution AI and Adobe has led to our proven track record of solving the most pressing business problems with our unique, industry-based 3-pillar approach: (1) business focus, 2) technology-fueled innovation, and 3) delivery excellence.Our client list includes: H&R Block, Excellus, UPH, Presbyterian, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Victaulic, Sprint Canada (Rogers), TELUS, GHQ of UAE Armed Forces, Abu Dhabi Judicial Department, Dubai Municipality, DU, ITS, Zane, etc."
Confederation of...,3.4,(147 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 27 more",128 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) works to create and sustain an environment conducive to the development of India, partnering industry, Government, and civil society, through advisory and consultative processes.

CII is a non-government, not-for-profit, industry-led and industry-managed organization, playing a proactive role in India's development process. Founded in 1895, India's premier business association has more than 9100 members, from the private as well as public sectors, including SMEs and MNCs, and an indirect membership of over 300,000 enterprises from 291 national and regional sectoral industry bodies.

CII charts change by working closely with Government on policy issues, interfacing with thought leaders, and enhancing efficiency, competitiveness and business opportunities for industry through a range of specialized services and strategic global linkages. It also provides a platform for consensus-building and networking on key issues.

Extending its agenda beyond business, CII assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes. Partnerships with civil society organizations carry forward corporate initiatives for integrated and inclusive development across diverse domains including affirmative action, healthcare, education, livelihood, diversity management, skill development, empowerment of women, and water, to name a few."
Lobo Staffing So...,4.1,(147 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 30 more",20 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Lobo Staffing Solutions started operations in 2003, as an offshoot of our sister company, Personnel Search Services (PSS). PSS was India’s first Executive Search Firm in India, with roots dating back to 1981. LSS was built with the goal of providing clients with bespoke, tailored staffing solutions in a relatively nascent staffing market. Over the next 10 years, LSS grew into one of the leading Pan India staffing organizations, built on a foundation of trust and credibility with all our clients"
Nisa Industrial ...,4.0,(147 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 31 more",50 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Late Commander Datar. Singh. Sahi on retirement after 30 years of illustrious service in the Indian Navy, co-founded NISA along with his son and co-founder Mr. Paramjeet Singh Sahi, in 1973. Poised on their combination of youth and experience in specialised expertise in Security Management Systems, they embarked on their journey starting up as a Consulting Company for Security related matters. NISA's presence started gaining prominence in the Industrial and Corporate domain resulting in rapid growth. Today NISA is a market leader in the Indian Security industry. ​ With emphasis on growth out of stability, Robust progress and a philosophy of leveraging infrastructure, man-management skills and an adaptive core-expertise led to NISAGLOBAL transforming into a company offering security, productivity & business support solutions with over 43 years of experience in delivering world-class services"
Tbea Energy,4.0,(147 Reviews),Private,"Karjan,Gujrat + 11 more",13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"TBEA is an enterprise group which is accredited by Chinese government, to be engaged in foreign economic and technical cooperation and to undertake national external assistance projects in four industrial fieldsx Transmission, Transformation, New Energy and Advanced Materials.

TBEA is the core enterprise of CHINA's major Electrical Equipment manufacturing industry, and is the first listed Transformer enterprise of China."
Sanmarg Projects,4.2,(147 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 32 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"""SANMARG""​ provides Knowledge based Managed Engineering Solutions with a special focus on Integrated Operations & Maintenance, PMC (Project Management & Consultancy) and Specialized Industrial construction Services for the Oil & Gas Sector. With a ""VISION'​'​ to be the ‘Best in Class’ Engineering Service provider, we offer world class technologies, enhancing the productive life cycle of assets, in an economical, social, and environmentally responsible manner. It is a company established by Oil & Gas Professionals that integrates with clients, understand their unique requirements and offers tailor made solutions, maximizing cost benefits in operation & maintenance of strategic oil & gas assets with ""CORE VALUES""​ of Honesty, Integrity, Knowledge, Trust & Responsibility.Thank you for visiting our page. We welcome your queries & opinions and reserve the right to remove any comments that are libel or spam.For all career opportunities, pls visit our site: www.sanmargprojects.com or send your cv at hr@sanmargprojects.com"
Dee Vee Projects,3.8,(147 Reviews),Private,Raipur + 21 more,34 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"If you are looking for a team of professionals who provide pre-construction services, construction services and post-construction services and need a business partner who can take you to the next level, you have arrived.

We are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the leading EPC Contractors in Highways / Expressways, Bridges, Buildings, Railways, Electrification, Water Segment and are foraying in to other segments of the Construction sector as well, executing Civil, Structural, Architectural, HVAC, Fire Fighting, Plumbing, Interiors, Landscaping and other Infrastructure Development works."
Razorpay,3.8,(147 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 6 more",9 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Razorpay is the only payments solution in India that allows businesses to accept, process and disburse payments with its product suite. It gives you access to all payment modes including credit card, debit card, netbanking, UPI and popular wallets including JioMoney, Mobikwik, Airtel Money, FreeCharge, Ola Money and PayZapp.

Razorpay’s business banking arm, RazorpayX, brings effectiveness, efficiency and excellence to all financial processes. With RazorpayX, businesses can get access to fully-functional current accounts, supercharge their payouts and automate payroll compliance.

Manage your marketplace, automate bank transfers, collect recurring payments, share invoices with customers and avail working capital loans - all from a single platform. Fast forward your business with Razorpay."
Weatherford,4.1,(147 Reviews),Private,"Houston,Texas + 15 more",82 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Weatherford International plc is an Irish-domiciled multinational oil and gas company which is one of the largest in the world. The company provides products and services for drilling, evaluation, completion, production and intervention of oil and natural gas wells, along with pipeline construction and commissioning."
Steelman Telecom,3.5,(147 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 28 more",37 years old,501-1k Employees (Global),We provide complete range of quality services to Telecom Industry and provide end to end solutions to the Telecom Operators & OEM’s. We provide the services to our valued principals in this field.It has established a name for itself as a reliable telecom services and networking solutions partner with all its customers by delivering and implementing tomorrow’s solutions today.STPLcombines best-in-class services with insights into minute details and requirements to provide compelling value proposition to its customers.
GM Modular,4.0,(147 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 28 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"GM has given switch manufacturing a new identity in India. It has introduced path-breaking innovations and accessories like new generation switches, home automation, Bluetooth music players, home security products, switchgear, and a brilliant contemporary range of LED lighting and luminaires that have transformed people's lives tremendously. With a strong research & development team, along with an equally dedicated and capable product design team, GM has been catering to various household and commercial needs of customers across the country. 

Through constant innovation, GM has become the market leader in switches and all home electrical accessories. GM's manufacturing facility is spread around 2.5 lakh square feet with the most efficient and high-grade machinery, that produces the finest quality GM products."
Bandhan KOnnagar,3.6,(147 Reviews),"Kolkata,West Bengal + 45 more",22 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Bandhan was set up in the year 2001 to meet the cardinal goals of poverty alleviation and women empowerment. There is an entire suite of development programs which are aimed at bringing about holistic transformation in the underprivileged community. The organization works closely with people who live in the lowest echelons of the social system for their socio-economic progress. It constantly tries to broad base its scope of services and minimize areas of income leakage in the underprivileged families. Bandhan-Konnagar is actively engaged in the field of education, health, livelihood promotion, enterprise development, employment generation and the like."
Aspire Home Fina...,4.0,(147 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 58 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Motilal Oswal Home Finance Limited (MOHFL) is a professionally managed housing finance company with unique combination of financially sound and technically experienced promoters who are well known in their domain for professional ethics and strong execution capabilities.
MOHF works on the business philosophy of financial inclusion of Lower and Middle Income (LMI) Indian families by providing them an access to long term housing finance.
MOHF is a subsidiary of Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited (MOFSL). MOFSL is a well-diversified, financial services company focused on wealth creation for all its customers, such as institutional, corporate, HNI and retail.
MOHF is registered with National Housing Bank (NHB) under section 29A of the National Housing Bank Act, 1987 as a HFC under section 29A of the National Housing Bank Act, 1987 vide Certificate of Registration No. 05.0111.14 dated May 19, 2014."
Doubletree By Hi...,3.8,(147 Reviews),Virginia + 16 more,54 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"DoubleTree by Hilton hotels are distinctively designed properties that provide true comfort to today’s business and leisure travelers. From the millions of delighted hotel guests who are welcomed with the brand’s legendary, warm chocolate chip cookies at check-in to the advantages of the award-winning Hilton HHonors® guest reward program, each DoubleTree by Hilton guest receives a satisfying stay wherever their travels take them.

With a growing collection of contemporary, upscale accommodations in more than 375+ gateway cities, metropolitan areas and vacation destinations worldwide.

DoubleTree by Hilton is part of Hilton Worldwide (NYSE: HLT), a leading global hospitality company spanning the lodging sector from luxury and full-service hotels and resorts to extended-stay suites and focused-service hotels. For 95 years, Hilton Worldwide has been dedicated to continuing its tradition of providing exceptional guest experiences. The company’s portfolio of eleven world-class global brands is comprised of more than 4,100 managed, franchised, owned and leased hotels and timeshare properties, with more than 685,000 rooms in 92 countries and territories, including Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Curio – A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Embassy Suites Hotels, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton Hotels, Homewood Suites by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton and Hilton Grand Vacations. The company also manages an award-winning customer loyalty program, Hilton Honors."
CR Asia,4.0,(147 Reviews),Bangkok + 9 more,32 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Established in 1991, we provide comprehensive maintenance services to customers all across Asia and have permanent facilities in Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia and India.

We receive strong technical and operational support from our sister companies and technical partners, who assist us in providing a complete range of competitive and effective solutions. Currently, we employ a regular workforce of over 4,500 staff.

We have strong onshore and offshore capabilities, a proven track record of successful project delivery and continually invest in new technology to improve safety and generate more value for customers."
GfK MODE,3.5,(147 Reviews),Private,"Nuremberg,Bavaria + 12 more",89 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"GfK is Germany's largest market research institute, and the fourth largest market research organisation in the world, after Nielsen Company, Kantar Group and Ipsos. In 2008 they attempted to become #2 via a merger with Taylor Nelson Sofres, a Britain firm. The GfK-Telemeter is a device to measure the TV ratings"
IFB Automotive,4.0,(147 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 10 more,49 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"IFB Automotive Pvt. Ltd. pioneered in India the manufacture of fine blanked automotive components, seating systems, door systems, and automotive motors to meet the growing needs of the auto industry. The company has built a reputation as a leading technology provider for safety-critical and comfort-related products in the automotive sector. With a state of the art R & D division, IFB Automotive has the capacity to develop new products responding to the diverse needs of its domestic and international customers. IFB Automotive has been in the Automobile scenario since 1989 with a goal to manufacture products that meet the end user’s need for total safety and comfort, high level of performance, and reliable and long product life. IFB Automotive emerged as the strategic partner to all automobile manufacturers in the development and supply of safety-critical, comfort products and assemblies. At the backdrop of tough global competition, IFB Automotive strives to meet the highest quality demands of national and international regulatory bodies as well as stringent customer-specific requirements."
Srei Sahaj e-Vil...,4.1,(147 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 30 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (Global),"""Our journey of over three decades has made us both dynamic and mature. Our experience in the sector has been an exceptional mix of moments of excellence, seconds of despair, coupled with thrills and excitement. With 'Innovation' as our hallmark, we have grown over the years to become the preferred partners in infrastructure financing.

Srei believes in being the driving force for entrepreneurs. By empowering over 100,000 customers through our bouquet of services, our value proposition towards our customers and partners is much beyond finance. Srei has continuously innovated and developed sustainable approaches to become a deserving leader in almost all stages of the infrastructure value chain. We have added many feathers to our list of accomplishments that distinguish us as an industry leader.

We are amongst the first Indian NBFCs to access the international market for funds

To broad base shareholding we were the first Indian infrastructure NBFC to be listed on the London Stock Exchange way back in 2005. We also have the distinction of having a wide spectrum of international institutions as our stakeholders:IFC (International Finance Corporation - World Bank Group)KfW & DEG Germany (Financial Institutions owned by the Government of Germany)FMO (Financial Institution owned by the Government of Netherlands)BIO (Financial Institution owned by the Government of Belgium))FINFUND (Financial Institution owned by the Government of Finland), Fidelity, Norges Bank

Srei is also the first company to lay the ground for passive telecom infrastructure sharing in India. We realize the importance of technology and it is the one thing that differentiates us from our competitors."""
Marathon Realty,3.9,(147 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 4 more,54 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are a 50 year old, Mumbai based real estate development company that has completed over 80 projects in the city. We are currently building several townships in the fastest growing neighborhoods, affordable housing projects, ultra-luxury skyscrapers, small offices and large business centers. Our projects are spread across the Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR).

We’ve been on a Marathon run since 1969. We are proud to have provided homes for more than 5,000 families, retail space for 400 retailers and offices for 350 businesses."
Himalaya Herbal ...,4.2,(147 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 39 more",93 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Welcome to Himalaya. Since our inception in 1930, we’ve been driven by a single passion – to develop safe, natural and innovative products for a healthier, happier life. It was the insatiable curiosity of our founder, Mr. M. Manal, that led to the discovery of Serpina, the world’s first antihypertensive drug, and Himalaya’s first product. Developing the best herbal products was his life’s mission, but equally important to him was the desire to make a difference. Mr. Manal strongly supported the idea that healthcare should be affordable and accessible to all. These enduring values act as our compass, guiding us to do the right thing. Specialities: Our Wellness product range includes Therapeutics, Personal Care, Baby Care, Nutrition and Animal Health."
Balajee Group,4.0,(147 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",20 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Balajee Group was established during the year 1995 by Industrialist & visionary Late Shri. Pashupatinath Dokania with a view of becoming a flagship Company in the field of Infrastructure Development activities. Foundation of the Company is built on the heritage of various Landmark Infrastructure Projects consisting of Construction of Road as per NHAI & MORTH norms, construction of main Runway, Apron, Taxiway, All Internal Roads, Supply of Aggregates, Mass Excavation, Area Grading, Open & Control Blasting, PQC, CTB, DLC works. Successfully undertaken and executed by the Group with sheer knowledge, expertise, focus and use of defined strategies to complete a Project well within the time frame. BICPL possesses desired experience and knowledge enabling to meet most challenging & complex Infrastructure project needs of today. BICPL's association with all major Infrastructure & Construction Giants showcases the expertise, competence and excellence in the Infrastructure activities."
Brink's,4.4,(147 Reviews),Private,"Farmers Branch,Texas + 28 more",164 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Brinks is the world’s largest cash management company. Our strong market position is supported by a new leadership with a proven track record of success, a strategic long-term strategy to drive growth and the financial strength to continue to capture market share. Our culture of continuous improvement is supported by a global team dedicated to providing exceptional customer support. Our customers include financial institutions, retailers, government agencies (including central banks and mints), jewelers and other commercial operations around the world."
Brawn Laboratori...,3.9,(147 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 7 more",33 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"BRAWN is a WHO GMP & ISO 9001:2008 Certified company with state of the art plant located in Faridabad, some 30 kms from New Delhi.Spread over more than 125000 sq ft floor area, it has three separate blocks to manufacture Non Beta, Cephalosporin & Penicillin products, manufacturing a large variety of finished formulations covering all dosage forms.We manufacture a wide variety of pharmaceuticals, across the spectrum, to include Antibiotics – Antibacterials, Cardiovascular, Antidiabetics, Gastrointestinals, Cough & Cold, Anxiolytics & Antidepressants, Analgesics – Anti Tubercular, Anti-Inflammatories, Antivirals, Antifungals, Antihelminthics, Anti protozoals, Antimalarials, Corticosteroids, Antihistaminics, Nutritional supplements and others.
Brawn has its’ presence in more than 60+ countries across South East Asia, Africa, Latin America and CIS regions. With its’ own offices in Vietnam, Myanmar, Cambodia, Ethiopia and Costa Rica, BRAWN is planning to start its operations in US & Europe market."
MNC Group,4.0,(147 Reviews),Jakarta + 33 more,34 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (Global),N/A,"Welcome to the MNC word, a souk built on imagination. Come see how we mix and match the latest technology and research to realize dreams in reality & are creating legacy.

MNC brings the philosophy of innovation and excellence to the real estate industry. The company is currently developing land mark project in Jaipur city.

To create landmark structure, MNC collaborates with outstanding associates and related names. The company aims to deliver superior value to all stakeholders through extraordinary and imaginative spaces created out of deep customer focus and insight."
PSA AVTEC Powert...,3.6,(147 Reviews),Hosur + 4 more,6 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"PSA AVTEC Powertrain Pvt. Ltd. is a 50:50 Joint Venture between the Groupe PSA, France and AVTEC Limited, the leading manufacturer of powertrain and precision engineered products in India and part of a reputed Indian Business House-the CK Birla Group. The joint venture agreement that brought Groupe PSA’s state-of-the-art technology and the CK Birla Group’s manufacturing excellence, was announced in January 2017.

The green field plant being set-up at Hosur, close to Bangalore, will be engaged in the manufacturing of next generation technologically advanced gearboxes and eco-friendly engines, in line with future industry norms and customers’ expectations. The manufacturing capacity for powertrain (engines and gearboxes) will cater to the domestic market needs and global automotive OEMs.

With an initial manufacturing capacity at about 300,000 gearboxes and 200,000 engines per year, the plant will further receive incremental investment to support a progressive ramp-up going forward. The performance of the industrial set-up will be supported by a significant level of localization, in order to reach the necessary cost competitiveness."
Agilent Technolo...,4.4,(147 Reviews),Gurgaon/Gurugram + 6 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Cognizant Softvi...,3.8,(147 Reviews),LLC,"New York City,New York + 12 more",29 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"Cognizant Softvision creates impactful end-to-end digital products and solutions that result in relevant, memorable and rewarding interactions between brands and consumers.  With a unique approach, we deliver sustainable innovation and business transformation for the world’s leading brands improving their digital maturity. We work at the intersection of engineering, design, and strategy, and help our customers create game-changing digital experiences with our client-dedicated teams called pods."
BOB Financial So...,3.9,(147 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 45 more",29 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"BOB Financial Solutions Limited (formerly known as Bobcards Limited) was established in the year 1994. It is a Non Banking Financial Company, wholly owned by Bank of Baroda, one of the top banks of India. The Company's primary business is credit cards and merchant acquiring."
Max Data Entry S...,4.4,(147 Reviews),Kolkata + 16 more,11-50 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Bose,4.5,(146 Reviews),Private,"Framingham,Massachusetts + 24 more",59 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Bose Corporation was founded in 1964 by Dr. Amar G. Bose, then a professor of electrical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Today, the company is driven by its founding principles, investing in long-term research with one fundamental goal: to develop new technologies with real customer benefits. Bose innovations have spanned decades and industries, creating and transforming categories in audio and beyond. Bose products for the home, in the car, on the go, and in public spaces have become iconic, changing the way people listen to music."
Lokesh Machines,3.9,(146 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 6 more",40 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Lokesh Machines Limited was incorporated on 17th December 1983 and started commercial operations in 1985 at Hyderabad.Presently Lokesh is operating from five locations in Hyderabad and Pune.Lokesh exports CNC machines to Japan, Germany, Netherlands, Italy, Turkey, China and Middle East countries.Lokesh is listed on BSE and NSE. The IPO was issued in 2007.Lokesh is ISO 9001:2008 & TS 16949:2009 certified by TUV Nord.Lokesh provides direct employment to over 750 people and indirect employment to over 2000 people."
AIG Business Sol...,4.6,(146 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 3 more",10 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Our team of remote assistants support US doctors and surgeons, increasing their productivity and patient satisfaction. Through digitalization of medical records and communication systems, our team of remote assistants seamlessly support US doctors & surgeons and coordinate all aspects of patient care from initial data gathering to chart preparation and patient navigation. This improves productivity of our physicians and increases patient satisfaction.

Our healthcare financial consultants backed by our proprietary algorithms and technology, help our partners maximize their collections and minimize leakage. Leverage the power and knowledge of healthcare financial consultants working to keep you in front of market changes. We provide end-to-end Revenue Cycle Management.

We negotiate contracts with insurance companies, credential hospital and doctors, verify insurance benefits for patients, obtain authorization for testing and surgeries and manage the entire collection cycle. We help increase collections by 5-10%.

Our Team of Software & Hardware Engineers work around the clock to develop and deploy applications which digitalize every aspect of our partner's healthcare operations.

Through our “paperless” approach we reduce steps in each process which minimizes staff payroll and increases corporate visibility. We follow and organized approach to understanding the needs of our partners and develop digital solutions.

We map & plan thoroughly, Code Meticulously, Build with passion, Test rigorously, Release on-time, Deploy with proper training, Operate with support, Monitor and improve continuously."
Sukhbir Agro Ene...,3.5,(146 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 17 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sukhbir Agro began its journey in the rice processing space with the inception of a rice mill in 1971 and the company traces back its roots to Punjab, India. It began with rice milling and an entrepreneurial dream to make the best rice grains available to homes around the globe which soon found acceptance, and witnessed tremendous growth within a short period of time. Ever since its inception, SAEL has taken giant strides to reach its current position of a market leader in the agro-energy space. As an integrated and diversified agro-energy company, it has successfully forayed into procurement, processing, refining, warehousing, and distribution of rice, rice by-products, solvent extraction, renewable energy solutions. Globally recognised and lauded for technological innovation, sustainable energy creation, conversion and utilisation, powering sustainable and scalable farming practices and for promoting and safeguarding the gamut of producer-consumer interests, SAEL spells the premier brand for an end to end solution for agro-energy products and services."
OnMobile Global,3.9,(146 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 11 more,23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"OnMobile [NSE India: ONMOBILE] [BSE Ltd: 532944], is a global leader in mobile entertainment. Headquartered in Bangalore, India and with presence in many countries across the world, OnMobile offers a wide array of products such as Videos, Tones, Games & Contests. Based on current deployments, OnMobile has over 100 million active subscribers and an addressable base of more than 1.68 billion mobile users across several geographies."
Magma Housing Fi...,4.2,(146 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 55 more",34 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Since the commencement of the legacy in 1989, Magma has been driven by one single goal, investing in the smallest dream. We understand your dream and aim to be a stepping stone in realizing it, by providing home loans to help you create your very own dream home!A home loan every minute means a million lives touched every year. Today, we manage assets worth over Rs. 160 billion, yet for us this is just a humble beginning.Over 60% of the Indian population resides in rural areas. Our goal is to reach the household of every Indian at the grassroot level and turn it into a dream home. Consequently, more than 80% of our 270+ branches are located in semi-urban and rural India. Our 6900+ dedicated Magmaites promise unmatched support and guidance in procuring a home loan. This, along with an experience of over 25 years, has enabled us to serve the large masses that remain impervious to the traditional financial systems."
Carzonrent,3.7,(146 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 12 more",23 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"A pioneer in shaping the personal ground transportation industry in India, Carzonrent (India) Pvt. Ltd. (CIPL) is India's # 1 personal ground transportation service provider today offering a complete bouquet of end-to-end long and short term car rental solutions through its fleet of 6500+ cars across the country.A brainchild of Rajiv K. Vij, CEO, Carzonrent (India) Pvt. Ltd., was launched in the year 2000 with a short-term objective of offering a safe and reliable medium of travel to customers and a long-term vision of giving form and structure to the unorganized Indian personal ground transportation industry and helping the industry get its due recognition.""COR"" the branding of Carzonrent signifies the fact that Personal Ground Transportation is the ""Core"" business of Carzonrent. Carzonrent is perhaps the first and the only player to offer complete 360 degree solutions to completely transform the Indian personal ground transportation industry into an organized business.Ensuring passenger comfort to the minutest detail, Carzonrent has pulled out all stops, from bringing in the latest technology to setting up 24x7 customer support centers; to bringing uniformity in operations; to introducing customized solutions for all customer segments, the company has focused all efforts towards organizing the largely unorganized Indian personal ground transportation industry."
Kronos Solutions,4.2,(146 Reviews),Private,"Lowell,Massachusetts",46 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Guided by decades of experience and innovation, Kronos offers the industry’s most powerful suite of tools and services to manage and engage your entire workforce from pre-hire to retire. And because workforce needs are constantly changing, Kronos solutions are designed to evolve with you to help meet the challenges you face every day — regardless of your industry or where you do business.

With more than 6,000 Kronites worldwide, Kronos is dedicated to meeting the growing needs of today’s multinational organizations. In fact, 40 million people at more than 40,000 organizations around the world rely on Kronos workforce solutions every day."
Integrated Wirel...,3.8,(146 Reviews),Private,Noida + 30 more,19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"IWS Pvt. Ltd. provides industrial grade Telecom & Staffing services in global standards – for clients around the world.

Established in 2004, IWS is the parent company of five subsidiaries with a strong presence in The Indian Sub-continent, The Democratic Republic of Congo & Africa.

Our strength in understanding the global market and our clients’ requirements help us expand our services with an ever growing list of satisfied customers. Our Leadership team has a wealth of international experience in the fields of recruitment, operations, delivery and technology innovation. We pride ourselves in our commitment to quality and continuity on projects deliveries."
Jindal Power,4.2,(146 Reviews),Public,New Delhi + 13 more,16 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Jindal Power Limited (JPL), a subsidiary of Jindal Steel & Power Limited, is a leading power company in India across the energy spectrum: thermal, hydro and renewable. JPL has been contributing significantly to the growing needs of power in the country and its installed capacity is 3400 MW. 

JPL commissioned the first unit of its 4x250 MW thermal power plant in the Raigarh district of Chhattisgarh in 2007, becoming the first private player in the country to set up an Independent Power Plant (IPP). Since then, this flagship has operated as a fully integrated power plant at an industry-leading Plant Load Factor (PLF) of 93% (average for last seven years).

Since its inception, a 6.9 km long cross-country conveyor belt (the second longest in Asia), was installed to feed coal to the plant. Among the other integrated facilities built by JPL are a dam to feed water to the plant and a 258-km long 400-KV double circuit transmission line to pump the power into the National Grid.

Buoyed by the success of its 4x250 MW plant, JPL has further expanded its presence in Tamnar with a 2,400 MW (4X600 MW) thermal power plant. With the completion of the mega expansion project, the Groups installed capacity now stands at 37.6 Billion Units of Electricity annually, i.e. 3.58% of India’s Electricity Generation in 2014-15. The completion of 2400 MW expansion project has taken Jindal Power Limited’s (JPL) installed capacity to 3400 MW, thereby making it one of the largest private power producer in the State of Chhattisgarh. JPL has emerged as a best performer in Ministry of Power and Central Electricity Authority project execution excellence study and won two National Awards- Gold Shield and Silver Shield for early completion of Thermal Power Projects. The 2400 MW super thermal power project was completed in a record time.

To optimize its operation, the company has adopted leading edge technologies, efficiency processes and world best practices in project execution and management, thereby setting new benchmarks in India’s power sector. JPL has consistently topped the Central Electricity Authority’s highest plant load factor list among the major thermal power plants (above 200 MW capacities) in India."
Hays Business So...,4.1,(146 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 1 more",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are Hays, the leading global experts in qualified, professional and skilled recruitment. The c.11,500 people we employ around the world partner with clients and candidates to power the world of work.Every day, across our business, we benefit society by helping people succeed and enabling organisations to thrive – creating opportunities and improving lives."
Bose,4.5,(146 Reviews),Private,"Framingham,Massachusetts + 24 more",59 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Bose Corporation was founded in 1964 by Dr. Amar G. Bose, then a professor of electrical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Today, the company is driven by its founding principles, investing in long-term research with one fundamental goal: to develop new technologies with real customer benefits. Bose innovations have spanned decades and industries, creating and transforming categories in audio and beyond. Bose products for the home, in the car, on the go, and in public spaces have become iconic, changing the way people listen to music."
AIG Business Sol...,4.6,(146 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 3 more",10 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Our team of remote assistants support US doctors and surgeons, increasing their productivity and patient satisfaction. Through digitalization of medical records and communication systems, our team of remote assistants seamlessly support US doctors & surgeons and coordinate all aspects of patient care from initial data gathering to chart preparation and patient navigation. This improves productivity of our physicians and increases patient satisfaction.

Our healthcare financial consultants backed by our proprietary algorithms and technology, help our partners maximize their collections and minimize leakage. Leverage the power and knowledge of healthcare financial consultants working to keep you in front of market changes. We provide end-to-end Revenue Cycle Management.

We negotiate contracts with insurance companies, credential hospital and doctors, verify insurance benefits for patients, obtain authorization for testing and surgeries and manage the entire collection cycle. We help increase collections by 5-10%.

Our Team of Software & Hardware Engineers work around the clock to develop and deploy applications which digitalize every aspect of our partner's healthcare operations.

Through our “paperless” approach we reduce steps in each process which minimizes staff payroll and increases corporate visibility. We follow and organized approach to understanding the needs of our partners and develop digital solutions.

We map & plan thoroughly, Code Meticulously, Build with passion, Test rigorously, Release on-time, Deploy with proper training, Operate with support, Monitor and improve continuously."
IndiaCan,4.6,(146 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 39 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"IndiaCan, formerly a JV between Educomp and Pearson, is now fully owned by Pearson.IndiaCan is a pioneering initiative with a view to bridge the gap between employment opportunities, skills and knowledge base of the unemployed youth in the country and therefore, helps them get suitable placements.The company is on track to become the largest provider of vocational education & training with a mission to:- Provide talent for India's economic growth engine- Be the Top Vocational and Skill Development Company in India"
Travelex,3.5,(146 Reviews),Private,London + 6 more,47 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Headquartered in London, Travelex has a rich heritage in foreign currency, pioneering the travellers’ cheques of the past and the digital payments of the future. With a presence in over 27 countries, and over 1,200 stores at both on-airport and off-airport locations around the world, Travelex has distilled its expertise and experience into a platform that reinvents physical and digital cross-border money movement globally to ensure its clients remain one step ahead of the competition. The platform provides financial institutions with a trusted, efficient and accurate international payments service, plus secure and reliable banknote delivery of both major and exotic currencies."
HMEL,4.4,(146 Reviews),Private,Noida + 7 more,16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"HPCL-Mittal Energy Limited (HMEL) is a joint venture between Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL) and Mittal Energy Investment Pte Ltd, Singapore, a Lakshmi N Mittal Company. HMEL owns and operates the Guru Gobind Singh Refinery (GGSR) of 11.3 MMTPA capacity at Bathinda, Punjab. HMEL’s wholly owned subsidiary, HPCL-Mittal Pipelines Limited (HMPL), owns and operates a Single Point Mooring (SPM), Crude Oil Terminal (COT) and 1017 km cross country pipeline for transportation of the crude from Mundra, Gujarat to the refinery at Bathinda.

Guru Gobind Singh Refinery is an energy efficient, environment-friendly, high distillate yielding complex refinery that been designed to produce high value added petroleum products meeting the deficit of petroleum products in North India. 

At HMEL, we recognize that our people are our greatest strength and provide us strategic advantage in today’s competitive scenario. We nurture talent and provide ample opportunities for personal and professional enrichment in a performance culture driven with transparency, openness, empowerment and ownership."
Zyoin,4.0,(146 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 2 more,18 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Zyoin is an End-to-End Recruitment Solution, Human resource staffing and consultancy firm, providing innovative & Out-of-the-Box, turnkey solutions to customers in addressing their complex hiring issues while keeping the cost to minimal.

Zyoin is promoted by Alumni of IITs, NITs and IIMs with deep technological & Managerial strength that helps in better understanding of our customer’s resource requirement.

Zyoin is among the market leader in Social Media Recruitment and it uses a radically “different” concept of “referral recruitment” to target special talent pool.

Zyoin’s online products have given us the leverage to be the leaders in temp staffing and emerged as a preferred vendor for several Fortune 500 Product companies & ventured funded Startups.

Our expertise is in providing resources & solutions to our customers that make a positive difference to our customers business. Our offering boutique includes services like:

1) Permanent Staffing
 
 2) Resource Augmentation (Contract Staffing)

3) Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO)

4) Executive Search

5) Payroll Processing

Apart from above-mentioned services, We, at Zyoin, follow our own customized recruitment solution framework & model to serve our clients in a best possible manner. These are:

1) Assess + Recruit Model

2) Hire, Train and Deploy Model"
Spectranet,4.1,(146 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 10 more",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Spectra aims to create success for people through excellence in internet services. We assist businesses and individuals in moving ahead and hitting their goals through our end-to-end optical fibre network capable of delivering India’s Fastest Internet speeds up to 1 Gbps for every home and up to 10 Gbps for every business. By offering cutting-edge futuristic technology at affordable prices to consumers across Delhi/NCR, Bangalore, Mumbai, Pune and Chennai, Spectra is set to revolutionize the Internet experience in India. It’s the dawn of a new internet era, an era that will #MakeLifeBetter and revolutionize the way you chat, watch, listen, think, work and collaborate."
Hero Electric,4.3,(146 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 21 more",16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"In the year 1956, the foundation of brand HERO was laid by Late Mr. Dayanand Munjal with a vision of providing mobility to millions in India. In the following years, the brand expanded itself enormously in varied fields like Bicycles, Motorcycles, Healthcare, etc. and became the most renowned & trusted name worldwide for tours.

“When we look over our shoulders, we see our past and we use it to make a better present and a beautiful tomorrow; tomorrow isn’t just another day, it’s another chance for us to improve ourselves and to excel.”

Some years back the family businesses were realigned following which Kross Cycles (Hero Cycles), Hero Exports, and Mediva came under the umbrella of HERO ECO the business congregate headed By Mr Vijay Munjal.

HERO ELECTRIC is a pioneer and market leader in the Indian Electric Two-Wheeler industry. It has been the front runner for Electric Mobility in India for the past 10 years. We believe in offering an ecological 2 wheeler solution to our consumers which above all gives excellent value for money. Hero Electric’s endeavor of making the country greener and to be the best in ‘Zero Pollution’ transportation in the country through its wide range of Electric Vehicles is supported by our Mission “No Emission”."
OneAssist Consum...,4.1,(146 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 21 more",12 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Everyday life comes with many worries – in a world where time is at a premium, where life is becoming more and more nuclear, the challenges of managing anxieties get more and more difficult, hence necessary. Be it in areas relating to financial products, travel, household products, healthcare, gadgets etc. we would want to provide consumers the convenience of reaching out to one place, assisting them with products, services and secure solutions making their lives easier.

 OneAssist is founded with a vision to provide a ubiquitous platform for assistance & protection services to customers."
Minda Kosei Alum...,4.2,(146 Reviews),Private,Bawal + 8 more,8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Minda Industries Ltd., established a Joint Venture with Kosei Aluminum Co. Ltd. in February 2015 and started alloy wheel manufacturing in May 2016. Kosei Aluminum Co. Ltd. is a leading manufacturer of Alloy Wheels in Japan with head office in Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture.

The JV Company Minda Kosei Aluminum Wheel Pvt. Ltd. (MKA) is established with its head office in Bawal, Haryana and is the largest alloy wheel manufacturer in India. MKA is engaged in the development, manufacturing and sales of aluminum alloy wheels for major OE car manufacturers and aftermarket in India.

Minda Kosei has 2 plants in India, 1st plant is located in North India in Bawal, Haryana with an annual capacity of 1.5 Mn wheels and 2nd plant in Dekavada, Gujarat with an annual capacity of 1.1 Mn wheels, expanding upto 1.5 Mn by 2020.

MKA is certified with ISO 9001, IATF 16949, ISO 14001 & OHSAS 18001 certifications

MKA has a strong local production base to offer market-leading, technology intensive Alloy wheels to India and global OEMs. The most important aspect of the JV is the availability of Japanese GDC technology in aluminum casting, which KOSEI has infused in this joint venture."
Chhatrapati Shiv...,4.1,(146 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 4 more",17 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL), a joint venture between a consortium led by GVK and Airports Authority of India, MIAL was awarded the mandate of modernizing, upgrading and expanding Mumbai’s Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport (CSIA).  GVK CSIA, Mumbai new iconic Terminal 2, inaugurated in January 2014, is India’s first integrated vertical passenger terminal imbibing world class design, architecture, infrastructure and operational efficiency, with a rich infusion of Indian heritage & cultural character. CSIA T2 is home to India’s largest public art programme, titled ‘Jaya He’, in the form of a 3.2 km multi-storey Art Wall, illuminated by skylights, that has over 7000 pieces of artwork and artifacts from every region & corner of India.The transformation of GVK CSIA, Mumbai a brown-field project, is a one-of-its-kind unique infrastructural project in the world, unlike any other airport development projects. With a vision to become one of the world’s best airports, GVK CSIA, Mumbai has been continuously and consistently upgrading GVK CSIA, Mumbai to an airport that delights its guests by offering best in class comfort and convenience."
HOLITECH INDIA,4.0,(146 Reviews),Greater Noida + 11 more,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"Holitech,founded in 2003 with registered capital of $ 463 million, today is a leading manufacturer and solution provider for complete Development of Human Interface Products and Applications.

Holitech produces core components for smart terminals, including horizontal orientation liquid crystal display modules, touch control  modules,  camera  and  fingerprint identification  modules, vertical industry chain cover glass, FPC, complete electronic paper eco-chain and 5G material . The company provides a one-stop-shop for end customers looking to purchase liquid crystal display modules, touch control modules, camera modules, fingerprint identification modules and core components of wireless charging modules, 5G Material .

With the dream of creating mutual prosperity, Holitech will remain committed to providing customers with diverse, custom-made products, competitive solutions and high-quality service, and will continue to work closely with customers around the world to create a better future!"
Kolkata Bazaar,4.1,(146 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 30 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Since 2002 ""Baazar Kolkata"" is part of value retail format. We are one of the oldest growing value retail formats in the Eastern Region. ‘Baazar Kolkata’ is one of the pioneers in value-for-money retail in Eastern India. We have been awarded the ‘Most Successful Value Retailer in East India’ thrice by Images Retail Awards.

Currently, we operate through 99 stores, with retail space of 7 Lacs sqft located in the states of West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Tripura, Assam & Odisha. Many more stores are in pipeline for the year 2022"
Expedia,4.3,(152 Reviews),Private,"Bellevue,Washington + 7 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Expedia is one of the world’s leading full-service online travel brands helping travelers easily plan and book travel from the widest selection of vacation packages, flights, hotels, rental cars, rail, cruises, activities, attractions, and services."
Robosoft Technol...,3.8,(151 Reviews),Private,"New Udupi,Karnataka + 4 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Robosoft, we believe our higher purpose is to simplify lives. We touch millions of lives every day through our solutions and through each interaction we aim to make life a wee bit simpler for the user. We partner with businesses which think long term and invest in relationships which are win-win.Our first client, Apple, set an uncompromising standard in vision, quality, and delivery. It has inspired us ever since. We strive to be business partners for our clients helping them chart the digital journey and crafting human-centered technology solutions that delight…and simplifying lives."
Impresario Enter...,4.2,(145 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 12 more,22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Impresario Entertainment and Hospitality Pvt. Ltd. (IEHPL) is one of India’s top 5 F&B companies, known for being a trailblazer in its field. Headed by a team of the most talented entertainment & hospitality professionals dedicated to Experiential Dining, Impresario has been setting benchmarks in the industry for the last decade.Our core strength lies in understanding how India eats, drinks and parties, and delivering quality dine-out experiences tailored to delight across demographics."
Star Engineers I...,3.5,(145 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 7 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Star Engineers was born out of passion for building solutions to bring tangible results in the engineering and manufacturing of automobile electronic products. Star Engineers was established in year 1988 by Mr. K. Lal, a true engineer by profession and a seasoned entrepreneur by intent; Star Engineers since then have scaled the ladder of success and growth by manifold.We have a well-knitted presence in the automobile sector and cater specifically to automobile OEMs as one of their trusted partners. We take pride in our state-of-art manufacturing facilities that allow us to engineer cutting edge automobile electronic products and a robust R&D Centre to take up challenging jobs in design and innovation."
Zee Learn,3.6,(145 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",7 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"With one most advanced teaching methodology – Litera Octave, Zee Learn under its brand name Mount Litera Zee Schools provides promising education to the future generation enabling them to explore their true unique potential. Awarded as the ‘K-12 School Chain of the Year’ at Indian Educational Congress in 2015, Mount Litera Zee school has over 120 schools in 110+ cities nationwide.Zee Learn also runs Asia’s No. 1 chain of pre-schools, Kidzee with more than 1900+ operational pre-schools in over 750 cities across India and neighboring countries. Kidzee is a pioneer in Early Childhood Education and standardized pre-schooling in the country under its proprietary pedagogy – Interactive iLLUME. Kidzee has so far touched the lives of more than 900,000 children since its inception in 2003.Enabled by its extensive experience in understanding of education and learning, Zee Learn is extending its services to other schools. Zee Learn School Innovations works with existing schools to improve their student outcomes and efficiency through a School Audit that identifies improvement areas."
Kinetic Engineer...,4.0,(145 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 6 more",53 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Building on its strong technical knowledge, four decades of manufacturing experience, vertically integrated in-house capability and customer-oriented attitude, Kinetic aspires to provide a system or its part in every automobile in the world. OUR MISSIONOur mission is what we promise and endeavorUsing best practices in the auto industry, we deliver high-quality systems and components at competitive prices to our customers. We aim to leverage our technical strength by investing into constant innovative upgradation."
Kamineni Hospita...,3.9,(145 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 2 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Started in 1995 by the visionary entrepreneur and philanthropist, Kamineni Suryanarayana, the Kamineni Group envisioned establishing a super-specialty hospitals that provides state-of-the-art medical care to the people of the city; while also creating improved opportunities for practIcal medical education."
Alcatel-Lucent,4.3,(145 Reviews),Public,Boulogne Billancourt Cedex + 18 more,31 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are ALE. Our mission is to make everything connect to create the customized technology experiences customers need. From your office, the cloud or in combination, we deliver networking and communications that work for your people, processes and customers.A heritage of innovation and dedication to customer success has made ALE an essential provider of enterprise networking, communications and services to over 830,000 customers worldwide. With global reach and local focus, our 2200+ employees and 2900+ partners serve across more than 50 countries marketed under the Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise brand.We achieve this through digital transformation tailored to your organization. We integrate systems, deploy analytics, and leverage mobility and the Internet of Things through innovative new business models to lay the foundations for all future innovations."
Garden Silk Mill...,3.8,(145 Reviews),Public,"Surat,Gujarat + 11 more",44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Garden Vareli is the trademark of Garden Silk Mills Ltd., a textile manufacturing company based in Surat, India."
Wirtgen India,4.2,(145 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 19 more",62 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The WIRTGEN GROUP is an internationally operating group of companies in the construction machinery sector incorporating the traditional product brands: WIRTGEN, VÖGELE, HAMM, KLEEMANN and BENNINGHOVEN. As technological leader, we can offer our customers mobile machine solutions for road construction and road rehabilitation, plants for mining and processing minerals or recycling material and for the production of asphalt."
PIT Solutions,4.7,(145 Reviews),Private,Rapperswil-Jona,23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"PIT Solutions is Digital Services Agency with main offices in Switzerland and India as well as subsidiaries in the USA, Germany, and the Middle East.

 We have a team strength of over 600 in-house skilled resources that possess the right mix of technical competence and industry experience to understand client needs and provide them the right solutions. Our passion is to turn smart ideas into reality. We have partnerships with leading technology companies like Microsoft, Adobe, SAP, Odoo and TYPO3."
Vashi Electrical...,4.0,(145 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 17 more",45 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Kicking off the curtain raiser back in 1978 as a humbly incepted family business, we envisioned a future where top-notch brands would unleash a new world of possibilities for buyers and sellers of every magnitude. Today, with obstinate commitment to excellence and innovation, we have become the Nation’s Largest Channel Partner for Industrial Electrical and Power Transmission Products. Vashi Electricals since then has had a lion’s share in contributing to International brands of Electrical, Power Transmission & Solar Product sectors, impelling businesses for well over four decades. Out-growing from being just a channel partner, Vashi Electricals has also transitioned into a company of procurement specialists helping customers to diminish supply chain cost and amplify efficiency. It is one platform that brings together the finest of Brands from across the globe under one giant canopy for displaying and sourcing products & services pragmatically."
Gulbrandsen,4.3,(145 Reviews),Private,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujarat + 6 more",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Gulbrandsen Chemicals Inc, is a global lspecialty chemical company headquartered in Orangeburg, SC with 6 facilities worldwide. Gulbrandsen Chemicals takes pride in being a leader in innovative chemistry and technologies.  We produce chemical catalysts and intermediates that are used in a wide variety of applications. 

At Gulbrandsen Chemicals we are very proud of “our chemistry” which starts with our people. We hire top talent in the industry; people who are dedicated to grow with our customers by building relationships based on trust and value. We establish flexible systems that allow our employees to respond quickly to
both organization and customer needs. Our work is driven by our Values of Excellence, Achievement, Responsibility, Teamwork and Innovation as we strive to exceed customer expectations every day."
Alivira Animal H...,3.5,(145 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 5 more",9 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Alivira Animal Health Limited has emerged as India's largest and 1st Global integrated animal health company specialising in manufacturing of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API) and Finished Dosage Formulations (FDF).

Our logotype is inspired by nature and its different forms and shapes. From a microscopic view to the skin texture, footprint of a chosen animal. The circular shape evokes the idea of protection and control. It’s a closed and perfect shape that is naturally balanced, reminiscing the brand idea “Animals source of health”

Pronounced A-lee-vee-rah. The name is a variant of two Latin words Elvira, word for ‘white, pure, clean’ and Alleviare, word for ‘relief’. It speaks about our commitment to improving animal’s life and well-being at every stage. We are Alivira!

Alivira Animal Health Limited is a 100% subsidiary of Sequent Scientific Limited, a company listed in India on the Bombay Stock Exchange of India(BSE) and National Stock Exchange of India(NSE)

Our focus on R&D is taking us even further, and we are committed to applying cutting-edge resources to improve health and well-being at every stage of animals’ lives. All along our processes, we are committed to quality, but moreover, we are to safety. That is our guarantee for effective medicines.

Over the last 20 years, we have become one of the world’s leading producers of APIs & amongst few dedicated integrated veterinary companies in the world."
Narayana Junior ...,3.9,(145 Reviews),Hyderabad + 23 more,44 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"The Narayana Group is one of Asia’s largest educational conglomerates where over 30,000 teaching and non-teaching faculty provide world class education for more than 3,80,000 students. Spread across 13 states in India, the Narayana family is home to a flourishing academia with 200 schools, 400 junior colleges and 25 professional colleges. We also run full fledged institutes for civil services, coaching centres and correspondence to address the vocational goals of career-oriented students.

Today, the Narayana Group stands tall and proud for setting pathbreaking benchmarks in academic excellence. Four decades of experience in fulfilling the aspirations of India's students has given us conviction and confidence to aim higher and bigger always. Our students are known world over for making great strides in intra-national and international competitive examinations and clinching success with top-notch results

The Narayana family is committed to bringing out the best in every student by imparting a strong educational foundation. Given the dynamic and global nature of education in the 21st century, we are constantly working hard and reinventing ourselves with the ultimate goal of creating exceptional and enriching student experiences."
Organic India,4.3,(145 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 33 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At the heart of ORGANIC INDIA is our commitment to be a living embodiment of love and consciousness in action. We work with thousands of small family farmers in India to cultivate tens of thousands of acres of sustainable organic farmland.All ORGANIC INDIA products support health and True Wellness and are made with loving care. Each product is one link in a chain of connectedness between Mother Nature, our farmers and you. By choosing ORGANIC INDIA you are completing this chain, actively participating in our mission to create a sustainable environment of True Wellness, providing training and a life of dignity to our farmers, and bringing health, happiness and True Wellness to you.All of our farmers and tribal wildcrafters are educated in organic and biodynamic agricultural practices. We pay all the fees associated with acquiring the necessary organic certifications for them, and then we purchase the harvested crops and herbs at a premium market price. The farmers also rotate between growing crops on their land for ORGANIC INDIA with food crops for themselves. This means farming families are supported by a sustainable income, while at the same time improving and preserving their own health and natural environment.ORGANIC INDIA is committed to being a trustworthy and innovative global leader by providing genuine True Wellness products. Our advanced processing methods and dehydration technologies ensure that our herbs retain their maximum level of potency for the highest quality, most effective, pure and natural True Wellness products available in the market today. Our success serves as living proof that shared abundance can be created with an uncompromising commitment to environmental and social responsibility. In living this vision, we are inspired to introduce a new standard for new paradigm companies.ORGANIC INDIA is proud to announce its partnership with FabIndia, India's largest private retail platform for craft-based products."
Gopal Snacks,3.9,(145 Reviews),"Rajkot,Gujarat + 27 more",29 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"The organization is into Manufacturing of Namkeen, Snack Pallets, Papad and Potato Chips. under the brand name of ""GOPAL""​ . At present Gopal has Manufacturing unit in Gujarat state(Rajkot) and another is in under development in Maharashtra state(Nagpur).We make all attempts to create a sense of belonging and ownership within our employees to encourage them to work to their full potential and remain loyal to the organisation- We believe that as long as the workers are happy, comfortable and feel respected, the work will get done and the employees will want to stick with the company for the long haul."
Future Consumer,4.2,(145 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Future Consumer Limited(FCL), a part of theFutureGroup, is a forward-looking Food and FMCG company with 27 brands in over 65 categories, dedicated to making new-age products for the fast movingconsumergeneration of restless aspirers that constantly seeks something new"
Ritz-Carlton,4.2,(145 Reviews),Private,Maryland + 12 more,40 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"In the United States, The Ritz-Carlton Investing Company was established by Albert Keller who bought and franchised the name. In the early 1900s, several hotels were known as The Ritz-Carlton, in places such as Boston, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Atlantic City and Boca Raton. However, by 1940 none of the hotels were operating except The Ritz-Carlton, Boston. The hotel embodies the finest luxury experience, Yankee ingenuity and Boston social sensibilities. The standards of service, dining and facilities of this Boston landmark served as a benchmark for all future Ritz-Carlton hotels and resorts worldwide.

In 1983, The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, LLC was formed. Led by president and founding father, Colgate Holmes, alongside Horst Schulze, Joe Freni, Ed Staros and Herve Humler, the company began to expand, adding new properties across the United States. Within two years, the brand had opened five hotels, including The Ritz-Carlton, Buckhead, The Ritz-Carlton, Atlanta, The Ritz-Carlton, Laguna Niguel and The Ritz-Carlton, Naples. This rapid expansion continued, and by the close of 1992, The Ritz-Carlton had expanded to 23 exceptional luxury hotels, earning its first Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award. The following year, they opened their first hotel in Asia, The Ritz-Carlton, Hong Kong."
CignaTTk Health ...,3.8,(145 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 31 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ManipalCigna Health insurance Company Limited (formerly known as CignaTTK Health Insurance Company Limited) is a joint venture between the Manipal Group, a leader in the field of healthcare delivery and higher education in India and Cigna Corporation, a global health services company with presence in 30+ countries and serving 160 million+ customers around the world. With a deep focus on health and wellness, at ManipalCigna Health Insurance we offer a full suite of insurance solutions ranging from health, personal accident, major illness, travel and global care to individual customers, employer-employee, and non-employer-employee groups to meet their diverse health needs. We understand our customers’ needs and provide a variety of wellness programs to guide them along the road to physical, emotional and financial well-being."
Shriram Fortune ...,4.1,(145 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 70 more",49 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Shriram Fortune Solutions Ltd. (SFSL) is among India’s premier integrated financial services provider backed by the Shriram Group of Chennai, helping people protect and grow their wealth with ease. SFSL has wide network of over 140 branches and presence in more than 200 locations across the country. In these years, SFSL has serviced more than 10 lac customers for various products.Organisation is professionally managed and supported by the knowledge, expertise, guidance, and experience of over 700 employees and a large group of business associates engaged in Fixed Deposit business and marketing activities.Everyone needs clarity on how to manage their wealth - what they have, what they owe, and how the entire monetary system works. We, at SFSL, empower our customers by providing them tools to grow their wealth, help them understand their money and make them more confident and happy."
Dhampur Sugar Mi...,3.4,(145 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 14 more",90 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Dhampur Sugar Mills has been continuously striving to maximize the potential of sugarcane and this focused and continuous effort has resulted in Dhampur becoming one of India’s leading integrated sugarcane processing companies. Dhampur’s innovativeness and emphasis on continuous R&D have made the Company a technological leader in sugarcane processing and green energy solutions.Dhampur’s pioneering efforts has resulted in the introduction of new technologies like Fibrizors, Pressure Feeders, Pressure Evaporation System with Falling Film Type Evaporator Bodies, Vertical Continuous Pans, 105 ata bagasse fired boiler etc. becoming the mainstay of Sugar technology in India.Dhampur's sugarcane co-generation capacity is one of the largest in the country and it has perhaps the highest ethanol manufacturing capacity relative to it’s cane crushing capacity, in the country. It is also the first and the largest producer of refined sulphurless sugar in the country."
Andhra Pradesh S...,3.9,(145 Reviews),Other,Vijayawada + 22 more,9 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The Govt. of AP has formed 7 different Missions to achieve double-digit growth for the state and to make AP among the most developed state in the country. Among these, the Knowledge and Skills Mission has been formed to provide trained and skilled manpower to all other Missions. To bring the faster execution State Government Andhra Pradesh has established The Department of Skill Development, Entrepreneurship and Innovation (DSDEI) has been further created to coordinate and synergize skilling efforts of all departments. Under which APSSDC is formed."
Ibis,4.3,(145 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon/Gurugram + 19 more,1-10 Employees (India),N/A,"Some say you can't put a price on comfort... ibis hotels prove the contrary by offering their guests well-being at the best price. Fully-equipped rooms, innovative bedding and 24-hour reception services... Welcome to Europe's leading economy hotel operator!

Day and night, the ibis teams keep pace with their guests' wants and needs. 24-hour reception, a round-the-clock light food and beverage selection and bar service, anytime day or night... The guest is the center of attention, with dedicated and efficient service.

The objective of the lounge concept is to create a friendly, casual atmosphere using a light-hearted approach to decoration... So guests automatically settle down there and unwind. Mission accomplished!

Modern, warm and perfectly equipped, Sweet Room lends new meaning to well-being.The new ibis room offers a modular design to suit guests' wants and needs, in warm colors with shapes and eco-friendly materials inspired by upscale hotels. 

Innovative and revolutionary bedding? The answer: Sweet BedTM by ibis! Large, plump pillows, cozy duvet and mattress that molds itself perfectly, for a deep, refreshing sleep. Not forgetting the ibis secret weapon: a 7 cm super-comfy mattress topper.  Unrivalled in the economy hotel sector, the ibis bed transforms nights that might seem ordinary!

Both simple and up with the times, ibis F&B proclaims its flexibility and ability to incorporate relevant local offers with ease. The ibis Kitchen is a friendly place for sharing and interaction, where it's possible to settle down at any time to work, relax, meet people and, of course, have lunch or dinner.

And what about breakfast? Undoubtedly a key part of the day and that's why the brand offers a generous, varied buffet from 4 in the morning until midday."
Zee Learn,3.6,(145 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 24 more",7 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"With one most advanced teaching methodology – Litera Octave, Zee Learn under its brand name Mount Litera Zee Schools provides promising education to the future generation enabling them to explore their true unique potential. Awarded as the ‘K-12 School Chain of the Year’ at Indian Educational Congress in 2015, Mount Litera Zee school has over 120 schools in 110+ cities nationwide.Zee Learn also runs Asia’s No. 1 chain of pre-schools, Kidzee with more than 1900+ operational pre-schools in over 750 cities across India and neighboring countries. Kidzee is a pioneer in Early Childhood Education and standardized pre-schooling in the country under its proprietary pedagogy – Interactive iLLUME. Kidzee has so far touched the lives of more than 900,000 children since its inception in 2003.Enabled by its extensive experience in understanding of education and learning, Zee Learn is extending its services to other schools. Zee Learn School Innovations works with existing schools to improve their student outcomes and efficiency through a School Audit that identifies improvement areas."
Ushodaya Enterpr...,4.2,(145 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 23 more,49 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"More households in the states of Andhra Pradesh & Telangana wake up to the Eenadu than any other news daily. The heart and soul of Telugu people in India, it enjoys a circulation of 16,56,933 copies (ABC Jan -June 2019) per day and is published simultaneously from 23 printing centers, Making it one of the largest circulated newspapers in the country."
Tokai Rubber Aut...,4.0,(145 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 5 more",15 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Tokai Rubber Auto Parts India Pvt. Ltd. - Manufacturer of automotive exhaust rubber brackets, automotive rubber & rubber brackets"
Kamineni Hospita...,3.9,(145 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 2 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Started in 1995 by the visionary entrepreneur and philanthropist, Kamineni Suryanarayana, the Kamineni Group envisioned establishing a super-specialty hospitals that provides state-of-the-art medical care to the people of the city; while also creating improved opportunities for practIcal medical education."
Kinetic Engineer...,4.0,(145 Reviews),Public,"Pune,Maharashtra + 6 more",53 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Building on its strong technical knowledge, four decades of manufacturing experience, vertically integrated in-house capability and customer-oriented attitude, Kinetic aspires to provide a system or its part in every automobile in the world. OUR MISSIONOur mission is what we promise and endeavorUsing best practices in the auto industry, we deliver high-quality systems and components at competitive prices to our customers. We aim to leverage our technical strength by investing into constant innovative upgradation."
Deepak Phenolics,4.3,(145 Reviews),Vadodara + 5 more,12 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Deepak Phenolics Limited (DPL) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Deepak Nitrite Limited (DNL) setup for a greenfield project at Dahej (Gujarat) for manufacturing of phenol and acetone. The project, with a manufacturing capacity of 200,000 TPA of phenol and 120,000 TPA of acetone, was commissioned on November 1, 2018. The project also includes a cumene manufacturing facility, which would meet the plant’s entire cumene requirement. The technology for the phenol plant has been provided by KBR Inc. of USA and for the Cumene Plant UOP Honeywell."
Sitel Group Indi...,3.9,(145 Reviews),Miami + 7 more,38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Entigrity Soluti...,4.6,(145 Reviews),New York + 5 more,8 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Asian Heart Inst...,3.9,(144 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 3 more",21 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Asian Heart Institute (AHI) has been set up with an aim to provide world-class cardiac care in India. It is situated at the Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC), a mere 15-minute drive from the domestic and international airports. The hospital promises to provide quality cardiac care to patients at reasonable costs."
InKnowTech,3.4,(144 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 21 more",21 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"At the heart of digital enterprise transformation are technologies such as cloud computing, mobility, analytics and Internet of Things (IoT). They throw up new challenges for enterprise IT – both transformational and operational.Is your existing technology infrastructure ready to deliver the new digital experience to business users and consumers? Chances are you need to fundamentally re-architect it. Legacy and new technology elements need to co-exist and complement each other in ways that are unique to your business"
UNICEF,4.2,(144 Reviews),Private,"New York,Newyork + 39 more",77 years old,10k-50k Employees (Global),The United Nations International Children's Fund is a United Nations agency responsible for providing humanitarian and developmental aid to children worldwide.
Micron Technolog...,3.6,(144 Reviews),Private,"Boise,Idaho + 4 more",45 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Micron Technology is a global leader in the semiconductor industry. For more than 35 years, Micron has dedicated itself to collaborating with customers and partners to engineer technology that drives innovation and transforms what’s possible. Micron offers the industry’s broadest portfolio of silicon-to-semiconductor solutions—starting with foundational DRAM, NAND, and NOR Flash memory, and extending to SSDs, modules, MCPs, HMCs, and other semiconductor systems. This best-in-class technology powers leading-edge computing, consumer, enterprise server and storage, networking, embedded, automotive, industrial, and mobile products. As the only U.S.-based DRAM manufacturer, we’re leveraging an expansive global footprint and proven technology leadership to make it easier for our customers to try new things and gain competitive advantages in their markets."
Edac Engineering,3.7,(144 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 14 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"EDAC Engineering Limited (formerly known as SPIC JEL Engineering Construction Limited) incorporated in the year 1987. Engages in the businesses of BoP (Balance of Plant) on EPC (Engineering Procurement Construction) basis for Power Projects (Thermal / Gas), EPC of Solar Power Plants (Ground mounted / Floating , On-grid & Off-grid Rooftop), EPC of bulk material handling system, Electro Mechanical erection works for Power, Renewable Energy, Transmission & Distribution, Rural Electrification, Refinery, Oil & Gas, Petrochemical, Fertilizer, Cryogenic facilities, Cement, Infrastructure and other Industrial Projects. EDAC also extends its services to Operation & Maintenance projects in Power, Refinery and Oil & Gas Plants."
MyMoneyMantra,3.5,(144 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 10 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are one of India’s largest sales & marketing company, distributing retail financial products like Credit Cards, Personal Loans, Home Loans, Loans Against Property, Lease Rental Discounting, SME/MSME Loans etc. Understanding customer needs intimately, providing a complete product range for our clients and total commitment to service delivery is our hallmark distilled since 1989. We are partners with some of the most reputed Indian & Foreign banks, as also with leading Non-Banking Finance Companies, Housing Finance Companies and Insurance companies. Our partners are reputed players in the financial services industries who believe in providing the most suitable products to customers. Our list of 90+ partners includes ICICI, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank, Citibank, Bank of Baroda, PNB HFC, Standard Chartered, Indiabulls, Tata Capital, Aditya Birla HFC, Deutsche Bank, HDFC Ltd. amongst others. We have a team of 1300+ employees, deployed across several cities, who reach out to prospective clients to help them fulfill their financial needs. We provide door step service, full understanding of our partner’s products, wide choice to our clients, advise them on what suits them best, help in completing documentation formalities etc. The credit approval process is of course managed directly by the financial institutions. We use the brand “MyMoneyMantra” and have online/offline presence. We reach out to prospective customers through tele-calling, field sales, corporate events, online presence, tie ups and presence in the offices of various real estate developers etc. Our team includes several people with more than a decade of experience in this field."
Oerlikon Grazian...,4.4,(144 Reviews),Private,Pfaffikon + 8 more,117 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Oerlikon is a global technology group with a clear mission: to become the leading provider of surface solutions, advanced materials and materials processing.

Oerlikon engineers materials, equipment and surfaces and provides expert services to enable customers to have high-performance products and systems with extended lifespans.

Drawing on its key technological competencies and strong financial foundation, the Group is sustaining mid-term growth by executing three strategic drivers: addressing attractive growth markets, securing structural growth and expanding through targeted mergers and acquisitions."
Galax E Solution...,3.4,(144 Reviews),Private,"Somerset,New Jersey + 3 more",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"With 30 years of experience and GxFource™, the industry-leading enterprise transformation as a platform, GalaxE has pioneered the use of automation to achieve enterprise business transformation and mission-critical change for some of the largest companies in the world."
Southern Petroch...,3.8,(144 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 7 more",54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Southern Petrochemical Industries Corporation (SPIC) Limited is one of the leading fertilizer manufacturing companies in the country located at Thoothukudi in the State of Tamil Nadu. It is a joint venture founded by Dr M A Chidambaram and Tamil Nadu Industrial Development Corporation Limited (TIDCO), a state-owned industrial development institution.SPIC is one of the earliest units set up in the country with a vision to produce high quality fertilizers to improve the agricultural output of the country. SPIC’s large fertilizer complex is capable of producing 6.2 lakh tons of Neem Coated Urea. SPIC is a household name within the farming community due to its ability to enrich the soil consistently throughout the agricultural cycle with maximum nutrient use efficiency. SPIC products not only help to sustain the health of the soil but also act as environment-friendly catalysts to increase the productivity to meet the food demand of the nation."
Insecticides Ind...,4.6,(144 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 23 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Insecticides (India) Limited engages in the formulation, manufacture, and sale of pesticides in India. It offers formulated pesticides consisting of pesticides, herbicides, fungicides and plant growth regulators, and technical pesticides to protect paddy, cotton, wheat, sugarcane, vegetables, mustard, and groundnut crops. The company also offers urban pest products, such as LETHAL woodcare, LETHAL mosquito coils, and LETHAL vaporizer products, as well as LETHAL line of products for cockroaches, ants etc..The company also engagged in the business of Formulations, Technical (a.i)."
Health & Glow,4.2,(144 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 10 more",26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We began in 1997, has only grown by foundation, service, and meaning. Health & Glow, with its high-quality products and absolute attention to detail in its service, has crafted a niche for itself in the industry and the hearts of its customers. Today, we have emerged as one of the largest networks of beauty and wellness products with over 160 stores across Bengaluru, Chennai, Hyderabad, Cochin, Mumbai, Pune, Kolkata, Bhubaneswar, Mangalore, Manipal and more. With us becoming an Omnichannel retail chain, we are integrating all our platforms like our stores, mobile app and desktop website to offer you unified shopping experience."
TCPL Packaging,4.2,(144 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 23 more",36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"TCPL Packaging Limited is one of India’s largest manufacturers of folded cartons and one of the two largest converters of paperboard in the country. TCPL is also an innovative player in the Indian flexible packaging industry. TCPL's paperboard division manufactures folding cartons, printed blanks & outers, litho lamination, plastic cartons, blister packs, and shelf ready packaging. TCPL also produces printed cork-tipping paper, laminates, sleeves and wrap-around labels. TCPL caters to clients in tobacco, liquor, food & beverage, consumer goods, pharmaceutical, and other industries. TCPL is headquartered in Mumbai and maintains marketing offices across India to cater to customers across the country and around the world. TCPL operates seven independent manufacturing units spread across four locations: Silvassa (180km NW of Mumbai), Haridwar (200km NE of New Delhi), Goa (600km South of Mumbai), and Assam (NE India)."
Gangar Eyenation,4.1,(144 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 15 more",46 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"For more than four decades, Gangar Eyenation has been a name that has merged precision with style. From a single store to one of the largest chains of eyewear solutions, in 40 years, Gangar Eyenation has managed to build a commendable list of patrons. A result of an unwavering commitment to offer the most advanced eye care technology combined with the most stylish in eyewear."
Chiripal Industr...,3.4,(144 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 4 more",51 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Chiripal Group is a professionally managed business entity comprising of a team of professionals from different fields and expertise. The diversified business in the fields of petrochemicals, spinning, weaving, knitting, processing, chemicals and infrastructure offers employment to more than 20000 people associated directly or indirectly with the Group."
Hipad Technology...,4.0,(144 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 2 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"Hipad Technology India Private Limited is an unlisted private company. It was incorporated on 24 August, 2016 and is located in Gautam Buddha Nagar, Uttar Pradesh. It is classified as a private subsidiary of a foreign copmany."
GE Transportatio...,4.1,(144 Reviews),Public,"Pittsburgh,Pennsylvania + 9 more",116 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At GE Transportation, we move the world. We are a global digital industrial leader and supplier to the rail, mining, marine, stationary power and drilling industries. Our solutions help customers deliver goods and services with greater speed and greater savings using our advanced manufacturing techniques, industry expertise and connected machines. Established more than a century ago, GE Transportation is a division of the General Electric Company that began as a pioneer in passenger and freight locomotives. That innovative spirit still drives GE Transportation today."
Clix Capital Ser...,3.8,(144 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 17 more,16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Clix Capital is a diversified NBFI. Provides home loans, SME loans, and equipment financing services for machinery & equipment such as construction equipment, medical equipment, and office equipment. 

We’ve crossed paths, so we should probably introduce ourselves! Here goes: We’re a smart, contemporary lending firm that uses technology to make loans simpler, faster, and more accessible for our customers. What does that mean? Minimum paperwork. Faster sanctions. Maximum peace of mind! Sounds too good to be true? Reach out to us and we’ll convince you!"
A.O. Smith,4.3,(144 Reviews),Private,Milwaukee + 29 more,149 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"A. O. Smith Corporation is one of the world's leading manufacturers of residential and commercial water heaters and boilers, offering a comprehensive product line featuring the best-known brands in North America, China, and India. 

The company was founded in 1874 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin where today the company is headquartered. A. O. Smith employs approximately 16,300 men and women at operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, China, India, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and Turkey, which has the global reach to serve customers worldwide. We also have sales and distribution in more than 60 countries around the world. 

As a global leader A. O. Smith and its employees pride themselves on applying innovative technology and energy-efficient solutions to products marketed worldwide. The company's goal is to be a leading global water technology company, and our focus is on building this platform through new product development, global expansion, strategic acquisitions and partnerships."
RG Stone Urology...,4.3,(144 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 10 more",37 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"R G Stone Urological Research Institute epitomizes commitment to deliver the best healthcare in Urology. It is our policy to procure state-of-the-art U.S. FDA approved medical equipments with no compromise on the cost & quality, so as to give the best possible results. We are supported by an array of state-of-the-art equipments to offer services that are unique & far superior to anything presently available. The Institute is well equipped to meet every possible healthcare need in urology, to ensure seamless operations. The inception of India ’s first Siemens Lithostar, started a new era in the field of Urology that changed the face of Urinary stone management across the country."
Mol Information ...,4.1,(144 Reviews),Private,Kolkata + 5 more,26 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"MOL is one of the world’s largest multimodal deep sea carriers with over 130 years of maritime history covering Asia, Middle East, Europe, Africa, North America, South America, Oceania, with links to global routes.

Since its inauguration in 1997, MOL Information Technology (MOL-IT) has supported the business activities of Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd. (MOL) , particularly for Liner, Car Carriers and logistics services, through ICT on a 24/365 basis. Along with the development and operation of computer systems, the company also encompasses business developments in line with the strategies of the MOL Group. This entails acquiring a thorough understanding of their businesses, establishing what the best form of their business activities is, collaboratively fixing an agenda, and finally building and maintaining computer systems.

These diverse roles incorporate the corporate commitments of the MOL Group, namely ""providing stress-free services to customers of MOL Group through ICT"" and ""making MOL group companies respond flexibly and quickly to the ever changing ICT-driven business environment.""

All MOL-IT members are committed to fully realizing the possibilities of ICT."
Aarti Steels,4.0,(144 Reviews),Public,"Ludhiana,Punjab + 7 more",44 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"At Aarti Steels Limited, we represent a fully integrated steel manufacturing company with state of art plants located in Punjab and Orissa with a total installed capacity of 3 lakh tonne per annum and 90 MW of Power. We manufacture a total range of Carbon, Alloy and Special Steels conforming to National / International Specifications including customer-specific requirements through a dedicated route of steel making i.e. Electric Arc Furnace - Secondary Refining - Vacuum Degassing Route – Con-cast with Electro-Magnetic Stirring / Snorkle Casting practices. Our products hold a formidable status in ""Alloy Steel"" Industry which is a result of consistency in quality and excellent metallurgical services rendered including after sales service. Our product basket comprises of LONG PRODUCTS with configuration - Rounds, Round Corner Squares (RCS), Wire Rods, Wires whilst we do roll sections in Flats for two-wheeler industry and for laminated springs in conventional sizes. 
By the dint of adequate representation in the ""Automotive"" Sector of the Indian economy, our products are consumed for manufacturing of critical components like Stub Axles, Crank Shafts, Connecting Rods, Crown Wheels, Pinions etc. (to name a few). To be precise, the steel manufacturing exercise which is quality driven is a perfect blend of Man, Process and Technology."
SOPAN,3.8,(144 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 21 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Established as Sopan O&M Co Pvt Ltd in 2001 by Energy professionals, SOPAN has emerged as a strong player in the field of Projects, Services and Equipments & Systems to Oil & Gas/ Petrochemical, Water & Gas Utility Networks, Automotive and Engineering Industries. We have our head office at Pune & strategically located regional offices at Ahmedabad (Gujarat), New Delhi and Durgapur (West Bengal). Apart from this, we have a dense network of service setups spread in close to 20 locations across India. Our biggest asset is the vast pool of highly trained engineers, supervisors, technicians and executive staff, which is well-equipped & ever-ready to provide fast and efficient services. This, combined with the in-house engineering, fabrication, assembly & testing facilities, ensures the successful execution of our Projects & Contracts. As a result, large National and International clients across sectors have entrusted us for nearly two decades and we shall continue serving them and several others over the coming years."
Nandi Toyota,4.2,(144 Reviews),"Bengaluru,Karnataka + 2 more",22 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Placing customer satisfaction first, Integrating sales with service and service parts in a single convenient location, we contribute to speedy and efficient service, allowing customers to experience the convenience and pleasure of owning Toyota automobile."
Jubilant Ingrevi...,3.8,(144 Reviews),"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 8 more",3 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Ikya Human Capit...,4.2,(144 Reviews),Gurgaon/Gurugram + 48 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
PreludeSys,3.6,(144 Reviews),Private,"Irvine,California + 1 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"PreludeSys is an On-Demand IT services company delivering Service-as-a-Service. In an era when Infrastructure, Platform and Software are available as a service, we have been one of the pioneers in offering Service-as-a-Service. Our On>Demand Services engagement model is unique in that it is Affordable, Scalable, Flexible, Agile and always Available."
HCL Infotech,3.7,(1.6k Reviews),Private,Noida + 22 more,32 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (Global),"HCL Technologies is a next-generation global technology company that helps enterprises reimagine their businesses for the digital age. Our technology products, services and engineering are built on four decades of innovation, with a world-renowned management philosophy, a strong culture of invention and risk-taking, and a relentless focus on customer relationships. With a worldwide network of R&D, innovation labs and delivery centers, and 149,000+ ‘Ideapreneurs’ working in 45 countries, HCL serves leading enterprises across key industries, including 250 of the Fortune 500 and 650 of the Global 2000. HCL generated consolidated revenues of USD 9.7 billion for 12 Months Ended 31st Dec, 2019.We offer an integrated portfolio of products, solutions, services, and IP through our Mode 1-2-3 strategy built around Digital, IoT, Cloud, Automation, Cybersecurity, Analytics, Infrastructure Management and Engineering Services, amongst others, to help enterprises reimagine their businesses for the digital age."
Danone Foods Bev...,3.8,(419 Reviews),Private,Paris + 30 more,104 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Dedicated to bringing health through food to as many people as possible, Danone is a leading global food company built on four business lines: Essential Dairy and Plant-Based Products, Early Life Nutrition, Waters and Medical Nutrition. Through its mission and dual commitment to business success and social progress, the company aims to build a healthier future, thanks to better health, better lives and a better world, for all its stakeholders—its more than 100,000 employees, consumers, customers, suppliers, shareholders and all the communities with which it engages. With products being present in over 130 markets, Danone generated sales of approximately €22 billion in 2016. Danone’s brand portfolio includes both international brands (Activia, Actimel, Alpro, Danette, Danonino, Danio, evian, Volvic, Nutrilon/Aptamil, Nutricia) and local brands (Aqua, Blédina, Cow & Gate, Bonafont, Horizon Organic, Mizone, Oikos, Prostokvashino, Silk, Vega)."
Al Fara'a Group,3.7,(255 Reviews),Private,"Al Ain,Abu Dhabi + 9 more",43 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The Al Fara'a reach spans the entire spectrum of the construction cycle through 11 integrated Group companies that engage every aspect of the construction cycle. Our capabilities, infrastructure, and culturally diverse 18,000-strong workforce are all underscored by a highly-efficient centralized management system that calibrates the full might of Al Fara'a towards optimum client satisfaction."
Konica Minolta,4.1,(168 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 25 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Since its establishment in 1873, by making the most of our diverse technologies and innovations, Konica Minolta has been expanding its business in various fields including office equipment, optical systems for industrial use, and diagnostic imaging system."
Voylla,3.7,(143 Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 35 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Incepted in 2013, Voylla is India’s largest fashion jewelry destination with robust online presence and an expansive retail presence of 250+ Stores across India. Voylla has successfully introduced the concept of high quality, impeccably crafted jewelry at affordable price points – a feat that remains unmatched in an increasingly busy segment. Voylla's other USP is the way it has taken cues from traditional art, crafts and narratives to create contemporary accessories for the discerning patron. It is the only brand with a versatile line of jewelry playing the sartorial companion to everyone. No matter what you do, or don’t, there is always a Voylla moment for you."
TCL,4.1,(143 Reviews),Private,Huizhou + 22 more,42 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"TCL Corporation, a business conglomerate focused on global scale smart product manufacture and Internet application services, is listed as a whole on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange （SZ.000100）, and it includes four listed subsidiary companies: TCL Multimedia Technology (01070.HK), TCL Communication Technology (02618. HK), Tonly Electronics (01249. HK) and TCL Display Technology (00334. HK). In 2015，Highly Information is listed on the New OTC Market（835281）.

TCL Corporation was founded in 1981,currently has 75,000 employees, 23 research institutes and 21 manufacturing bases. It has set up sales offices in over 80 countries and regions, with its business covering more than 160 countries and regions in the world.

In 2015 it realized total revenue of RMB 104.6 billion, 47% of which were overseas earnings, and realized a net profit of RMB 3.23 billion. In 2015, the LCD TV sales of TCL Corporation ranked three in the world; its mobile phone sales ranked fifth in the world; its LCD panel sales ranked sixth in the world; its air conditioner sales ranked fifth in China; its washing machine sales ranked sixth in China; and its refrigerator sales ranked seventh in China. In 2015, TCL brand value was RMB 71.028 billion, ranked sixth among China’s Top 100 Brands, as the first brand in Chinese color TV industry for ten consecutive years."
Weizmann Forex,3.8,(143 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 32 more",30 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Weizmann Forex is a part of the INR 60 billion Weizmann Group, with business interests in textile manufacturing and exports, hydro and wind-power generation, as well as foreign exchange transactions and inward money transfer."
RNF Technologies,4.3,(143 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 2 more",14 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"RNF Technologies is an IT services and product company founded in 2009, by former Google & AOL employees, and is headquartered in Bangalore, India with sales office in New York."
Raj Petro Specia...,4.0,(143 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 18 more",81 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"established the first operations facility in Mumbai, focusing on manufacturing petroleum specialties. With this solid foundation, he sought to multiply the benefits of his successful business with close family members and invited them as partners to expand his venture even further. The establishment of a new petroleum refinery on the outskirts of Chennai gave him the opportunity to launch an additional manufacturing facility there in the year 1970. His continued mentoring of these partners lay the foundations of a strong and trustworthy team that would eventually grow in unprecedented ways. The team achieved important business milestones and, in a few years after its conception, Raj Group earned a reputation as a strong family-managed enterprise with multiple locations across India. Since his passing in 1998, Mr. Anjaria’s legacy has been upheld by second and third generation family members. They worked hard to build an organization that has earned several industry accolades and is a leading manufacturer of a variety of innovative and well received products."
NextGen Healthca...,3.9,(143 Reviews),Private,"Atlanta,Georgia + 7 more",49 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"NextGen Healthcare India helps improve the health of communities and lower care costsNextGen Healthcare India is a subsidiary of NextGen Healthcare, headquartered in Irvine, CA, USA, which helps medical practices improve community health and patient outcomes at a lower cost with expertise, services, and technology solutions. NextGen Healthcare helps ambulatory care organizations transition to value-based care by empowering them to nurture measurably healthier patient communities at a lower cost. Our solutions, optimized by physicians, developed with input from our 90,000 providers, and based on almost 25 years of ambulatory expertise, help ease the burdens of HIT and enable practices to improve individual outcomes and nurture a healthier population."
Ceragon Networks,4.0,(143 Reviews),Private,"Tel Aviv,Tel Aviv + 25 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Ceragon Networks (NASDAQ: CRNT) delivers innovative wireless backhaul solutions that help you increase your operational efficiency, enhance your end-customers’ quality of experience, and ensure your peace of mind. As the #1 wireless backhaul specialist, Ceragon has been leading the industry for over 20 years now. Our mission is resolving your wireless backhaul challenges – helping you achieve the highest value for you! Our solutions are deployed by more than 460 service providers, as well as hundreds of private network owners, in more than 130 countries."
The Fern Residen...,3.7,(143 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 32 more",14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Fern Hotels & Resorts is the leading environmentally sensitive hotel chain. One of the fastest growing brands the chain currently offers over 70 hotels in over 60 destinations. In a world where guests require proactive, individualised service, we deliver much more. Luxury with elegance & personalised service, and all the contemporary facilities packaged together with minimal impact on the environment."
Weizmann Forex,3.8,(143 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 32 more",30 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Weizmann Forex is a part of the INR 60 billion Weizmann Group, with business interests in textile manufacturing and exports, hydro and wind-power generation, as well as foreign exchange transactions and inward money transfer."
General Energy M...,3.7,(143 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 31 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),General Energy-Management Systems (GEMS)General Energy-Management Systems (GEMS) is the result of decades of experience and entrepreneurship. The company has drawn on the international background and management capabilities of its management and staff to create a powerful platform for itself in the energy sector.
Resonance Eduven...,3.7,(143 Reviews),Public,"Kota,Rajasthan + 28 more",22 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Established on 11th April 2001, Resonance is one of India’s Fastest Growing Educational Institute. In this short span of 17 years, we have become one of the most respected & trusted institute for students preparing for Pre-Engineering, Pre-Medical, Commerce, Pre-Foundation (Junior Division - 5th to 10th) and Law. In all major examinations, like JEE (Main & Advanced), NEET, AIIMS, International Olympiads, NTSE, KVPY, CA, CS, CMA, CLAT Resonance has created a name for itself by consistently producing good result in both quality & quantity. We are teaching & reaching students through Classroom Programs, Distance Learning Programs & e-Learning Programs. Today, we operate with a large network of 30+ cities with more than 50 Campuses across India. Resonance has its own Study Centers at Kota, Jaipur, Bhopal, Delhi, Lucknow, Kolkata, Nagpur, Mumbai, Udaipur, Bhubaneswar, Ahmedabad, Patna, Jodhpur, Indore, Agra, Nanded, Ranchi, Raipur, Nashik, Jabalpur, Gwalior, Allahabad, Aurangabad, Surat, Rajkot, Vadodara, Gandhinagar, Chandrapur & Dubai. We are also present in Vishakhapatnam, Bhavnagar and Dehradun by way of integrated tie-ups with reputed schools of these cities."
SGT University,3.7,(143 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 2 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Shree Guru Gobind Singh Tricentenary (SGT) University is a unit of Dashmesh Educational Charitable Trust, constituted in the year 1999 with the avowed objective of spreading the message of Shree Guru Gobind Singh that the highest service is rendered by spreading knowledge. SGT was conferred with the University status in 2013, but the seeds for its magnificent growth were sown way back in 2002 with the setting up of the SGT Dental College.The University is based on strong pillars of its commitment for dissemination of knowledge in diverse disciplines to every strata of the society, developing dynamic leadership, sharpening creative and Innovative skills coupled with strong ethics to make the participants socially responsible. The University, to enable its students to excel in diverse areas, focuses on inculcating strong values in them and educating them to think ‘intensively’ and ‘critically’. At present, we have the faculties of Medicine and Health Sciences, Dental Sciences, Physiotherapy, Nursing, Allied Health Sciences and Management which have numerous courses from the Under Graduate level to PhD. programmes.The University has modern libraries which are well-stocked with latest books, have internet facilities for accessing e-resources, and provide air-conditioned reading environment. For practical exposure of the learners, our laboratories are well-equipped with modern scientific equipments and instruments. The University have hostel facilities where salubrious and caring environment and hygienic food at reasonable rates are ensured. We take pride in stating that our well qualified and competent faculty has been staying with all our organizations ever since their inception, resulting in a well-established and stable platform for imparting holistic education to our most valuable asset—our students. It is our endeavour to make our students industry-ready and prepare them to fit into the spirit of society by the time they leave our organizations."
Ceragon Networks,4.0,(143 Reviews),Private,"Tel Aviv,Tel Aviv + 25 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Ceragon Networks (NASDAQ: CRNT) delivers innovative wireless backhaul solutions that help you increase your operational efficiency, enhance your end-customers’ quality of experience, and ensure your peace of mind. As the #1 wireless backhaul specialist, Ceragon has been leading the industry for over 20 years now. Our mission is resolving your wireless backhaul challenges – helping you achieve the highest value for you! Our solutions are deployed by more than 460 service providers, as well as hundreds of private network owners, in more than 130 countries."
Sun Vacuum Forme...,3.9,(143 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 5 more",37 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"The company’s expertise lies in manufacturing a wide range of plastic components for the automotive sector. Sun Vacuum Former has state-of-the-art manufacturing units in Gurgaon and IMT Manesar. All the units are well equipped with modern machinery and boast of low power consumption machines and automatic material handling systems, to meet the International Standards of manufacturing. Catering to auto-mobiles and auto-ancillaries, the company’s expertise lies in Plastic Injection Molding, Vacuum Forming, Painting and Assemblies"
NextGen Healthca...,3.9,(143 Reviews),Private,"Atlanta,Georgia + 7 more",49 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"NextGen Healthcare India helps improve the health of communities and lower care costsNextGen Healthcare India is a subsidiary of NextGen Healthcare, headquartered in Irvine, CA, USA, which helps medical practices improve community health and patient outcomes at a lower cost with expertise, services, and technology solutions. NextGen Healthcare helps ambulatory care organizations transition to value-based care by empowering them to nurture measurably healthier patient communities at a lower cost. Our solutions, optimized by physicians, developed with input from our 90,000 providers, and based on almost 25 years of ambulatory expertise, help ease the burdens of HIT and enable practices to improve individual outcomes and nurture a healthier population."
TCL,4.1,(143 Reviews),Private,Huizhou + 22 more,42 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"TCL Corporation, a business conglomerate focused on global scale smart product manufacture and Internet application services, is listed as a whole on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange （SZ.000100）, and it includes four listed subsidiary companies: TCL Multimedia Technology (01070.HK), TCL Communication Technology (02618. HK), Tonly Electronics (01249. HK) and TCL Display Technology (00334. HK). In 2015，Highly Information is listed on the New OTC Market（835281）.

TCL Corporation was founded in 1981,currently has 75,000 employees, 23 research institutes and 21 manufacturing bases. It has set up sales offices in over 80 countries and regions, with its business covering more than 160 countries and regions in the world.

In 2015 it realized total revenue of RMB 104.6 billion, 47% of which were overseas earnings, and realized a net profit of RMB 3.23 billion. In 2015, the LCD TV sales of TCL Corporation ranked three in the world; its mobile phone sales ranked fifth in the world; its LCD panel sales ranked sixth in the world; its air conditioner sales ranked fifth in China; its washing machine sales ranked sixth in China; and its refrigerator sales ranked seventh in China. In 2015, TCL brand value was RMB 71.028 billion, ranked sixth among China’s Top 100 Brands, as the first brand in Chinese color TV industry for ten consecutive years."
Raj Petro Specia...,4.0,(143 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 18 more",81 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"established the first operations facility in Mumbai, focusing on manufacturing petroleum specialties. With this solid foundation, he sought to multiply the benefits of his successful business with close family members and invited them as partners to expand his venture even further. The establishment of a new petroleum refinery on the outskirts of Chennai gave him the opportunity to launch an additional manufacturing facility there in the year 1970. His continued mentoring of these partners lay the foundations of a strong and trustworthy team that would eventually grow in unprecedented ways. The team achieved important business milestones and, in a few years after its conception, Raj Group earned a reputation as a strong family-managed enterprise with multiple locations across India. Since his passing in 1998, Mr. Anjaria’s legacy has been upheld by second and third generation family members. They worked hard to build an organization that has earned several industry accolades and is a leading manufacturer of a variety of innovative and well received products."
SSF PLASTICS,3.9,(143 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),The industry leadership status of SSF has been established on the platform of its molding infrastructure
Sakata Inx,4.1,(143 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 8 more",103 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"With over a century of history, SAKATA INX has always been on the forefront of expanding its involvement in the printing and information industries.SAKATA INX will continue to expand on its broad base of technology and make it our highest priority to serve the technical innovation of the printing and information industries.Our vision is ""Creation of Visual Communication Technology.""For that reason, SAKATA INX will make the printing ink business our core business, and will continue with new research and development activities based on our basic technologies. In the printing related field, SAKATA INX will take an active approach to the new business as an ""ecological-oriented company,""SAKATA INX is committed to act on that concept in all of ourbusiness activities."
Course5,3.7,(143 Reviews),"Bellevue,Washington + 6 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"We enable organizations to make the most effective strategic and tactical moves relating to their customers, markets, and competition at the rapid pace that the digital business world demands. Course5 Intelligence does this by driving digital transformation through analytics, insights, and Artificial Intelligence (AI). 

Our clients experience higher top-line and bottom-line results with improved customer satisfaction and business agility. As we solve today’s problems for our clients, we also enable them to reshape their businesses to meet and actualize the future.

Our company name, Course5 Intelligence, aptly describes our mission. The business world today is swimming in oceans of data with multiple technologies and methodologies.

We make sense of it all using a combination of human and machine intelligence to chart a course for our customers beyond the four points of the compass, North, South, East, and West, to the fifth direction which is the future.

Rapid advances in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technology have enabled us to create disruptive technologies and accelerators under our Course5 product suites that combine analytics, digital, and research solutions to provide significant and long-term value to our clients."
Sterling Oil Exp...,3.8,(143 Reviews),Private,Lagos + 4 more,18 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Sterling Oil Exploration & Energy Production Company Ltd. (SEEPCO) is an indigenous company that ventured into Exploration and Production (E&P) business in the year 2005. SEEPCO participated in the 2005 bid round held by the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) and was successful with license OML 143 (formerly OPL 280).

SEEPCO was able to reach its first oil within two years of signing the Production Sharing Contract (PSC) in record time. This makes SEEPCO one of the few producing companies out of 77 successful bidders that signed the PSC in Nigeria during 2005 bid round.

SEEPCO has been producing Okwuibome (OKW) Blend of crude oil since 2011. Okwuibome Blend is an established grade of crude oil recognized by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). OKW Blend is sought after by refineries in North America, Europe, Asia, South Africa and Australia owing to its low sulfur and sweet crude quality."
Apollo Medskills,4.3,(143 Reviews),JV,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 23 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Even before the foundation of the inaugural stone, all associated with the Apollo Medskills initiative could ascertain that this is more sublime than mere brick and mortar. It holds the dreams of a nation to transform and empower its youth through superior health education.
Collaborating with the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship(MSDE), Government of India initiative of the National Skill Development Corporation, Apollo MedSkills has adopted innovative teaching methodologies to make healthcare education more practically relevant.
The focus is on imparting job specific skills that will make the Indian healthcare professional a part of the much sought after global work force.
At Apollo Medskills, there are various up-skilling courses for healthcare professionals and skilling courses for school and college students."
Polyhose,3.9,(143 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 8 more",27 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Polyhose is a Global diversified industrial conglomerate focussed on design, development, manufacturing and distribution of fluid conveyance product. Our manufacturing plants are the most modern with state of art facilities and the required skilled expertise to deliver premium quality, reliable, high performing products"
Iconic,4.0,(143 Reviews),Private,Gurugram + 20 more,10 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"“The journey of Iconic began in 2013 with an ambitious goal to make fashion accessible. Backed by grass root understanding of the retail industry in India, we bring some of the choicest brands under a single roof that cater to the needs of the affluent consumer whilst maintaining the value and pride of the international brands that we have on board. 

We have a growing portfolio of domestic and international brands through dedicated retail outlets at premium locations across India. In just a few years, we have grown from 8 brands to more than 130 brands of which 80+ are international brands. Iconic stores offer luxuriant and contemporary shopping vibe across all their 17 stores in cities like Delhi, Gurgaon, Noida, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Bhubhaneshwar, Jaipur, Udaipur and many more.”"
Binary Semantics,3.9,(143 Reviews),Private,Gurugram + 6 more,37 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are a global Services Products company with a range of Value-driven Products, Solutions, and Services, encompassing SaaS, PaaS (broadly XaaS), Hybrid, and Enterprise, under Flexible consumption models (FCMs), offering our customers' product delivery and payment options that allow them to purchase access to products as a service.


We leverage our strong technology expertise and deep industry knowledge to develop customized solutions and services to fit your needs.

Our Robust Processes and Methodologies have been successfully tried and tested for over three decades with our clients. We have strong software engineering and service processes. Our operations have been certified as ISO 9001: 2015 & ISO 27001:2013 by BSCIC and NABCB QM30.

Our Application Integration and Management services help our customers to drive efficiency and derive strategic value out of their tight IT budgets. We offer end to end Enterprise application services such as Custom Application Development, System Integration, Application/ Database Migration and E-Commerce solutions.

Our Knowledge and Information Management services help our customers to accelerate enterprise wide performance through integrated analytical solutions and frameworks. By leveraging our expertise in Business Analytics, Business Intelligence, Performance Improvement and Information Management, our clients derive valuable insights and make informed decisions that in turn help them to drive revenues.

Our Consulting and Professional services help our clients in aligning their IT needs to their business goals. We help our clients to adapt to changing market conditions and increase their competitive advantage in the market place. This helps them in driving innovation and optimizing their costs while maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction.

Our Packaged Software Solutions covers the areas such as for Statistical Analysis & Data Mining, Business Intelligence, Six Sigma Data Analysis, Risk Analysis and Simulation, Optimization Solutions, and Econometrics.


Our experienced consultants and domain experts thrive on challenges and work as a cohesive unit to develop cutting edge solutions for our global client base. Our integrated and partnership approach combines the best practices along with our robust processes and methodologies to add and create value in our customers' businesses."
Honda India Powe...,4.1,(143 Reviews),Greater Noida + 18 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
TMF Group,4.0,(143 Reviews),Private,Amsterdam + 7 more,35 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"TMF Group helps its clients operate internationally and ‘belong’ wherever they are in the world. We do this by making sure they are properly set up to do business in any country and compliant with local and international regulations.

Our work includes helping companies of all sizes with business services such as HR and payroll, accounting and tax, corporate secretarial, global governance and administration services for capital markets, private equity and real estate investments.

In today’s environment, increasing business complexity means that a one size approach doesn’t fit all - and the penalties for getting it wrong are getting heavier. Operating in over 83 jurisdictions we provide our 15,000 clients with on-the-ground compliance and administration services so they can venture further. We keep things running seamlessly, giving them the peace of mind to focus on the bigger picture.

Our people localise the global world to help businesses succeed, which in turn helps communities to prosper. We firmly believe that the only way to be truly ‘global’ is to put local first, which is what our team of 7,000 in-country experts do for businesses of all sizes, every day."
AIRBUS,3.7,(152 Reviews),Public,"Leiden,Netherlands + 6 more",53 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Airbus is a leader in designing, manufacturing, and delivering aerospace products, services, and solutions to customers worldwide.

With around 130,000 employees and as the largest aeronautics and space company in Europe and a worldwide leader, Airbus is at the forefront of the aviation industry. We build the most innovative commercial aircraft and consistently capture about half of all retail airliner orders. Thanks to our deep understanding of changing market needs, customer focus, and technological innovation, we offer products that connect people and places via air and space."
MindGate Solutio...,3.5,(142 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 5 more,15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Incorporated a decade ago, Mindgate has chronicled stupendous growth and established a strong presence in India, Middle East & ASEAN market with over 65 plus banks and payment providers for whom we provide digital payments/collections platform. We enable API based integration from bank accounts to social payments like Google Tez and Whatsapp Payments for P2P and P2M transactions. We process more than 30 million transactions a day on the Mindgate platform."
Kanwar Enterpris...,3.4,(142 Reviews),Noida + 19 more,26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"We are pleased to introduce ourselves as contractors in the field of Civil works - Commercial, Institutional, Residential & Industrial Buildings, comprising of Tall Structures, Road/Rail Cum Road, Heavy Foundation work of HVDC/GIS Switch Yards, Earthwork involving Deep excavation, Hard rock cutting, Controlled Blasting, Open Cast/Sand & underground Mining, Rock Bolting & Short Creting along with Land Development and Infrastructure jobs of small and large values, and Raw Water Reservoir, Thermal Power, ETP/STP, Ash Dyke & Tailing Dam works, having a track record of successful completion of works in the past Twenty Years.

As above we are into construction business since 1996 and has completed many infrastructure projects along with front runner in mining industry. When the government has banned the mining in 2002, that we have shifted to similar work in Delhi Metro Phase-I and continuing till date on Phase –III. Where our scope includes Deep under ground excavation, Hard rock controlled blasting, tunnel blasting & rock breaking using heavy machinery , disposal of blasted/excavated material & Tunnel Muck, short creting, rock bolting and structural steel fabrication & erection etc.

We have also undertaken Hard rock excavation with controlled blasting work for a five star hotel cum shopping mall of Treasure Island group, Raipur, Chhattisgarh, Uday Vilas Palace Hotel for service tunnel of 300m long and DB Mall, Bhopal. Here the complete volume of work was taken up by us and we have handed over the site for civil activities well in advance of the given time schedule.

We have successfully completed prestigious projects for premier private organizations of India and Government Departments. We have acquired Sufficient Experience and skills to manage and handle projects of small and large values.

Our company comprises of multi-disciplinary team of qualified engineers, technicians and skilled workers backed by hard earned experience in construction using heavy earth moving equipments, transportation equipments, Tower Cranes, Batching Plants, Hot mix and wet mix plants of various makes/latest models and Blasting Expertise.

We have sufficient equipments, plants and machinery, in excellent conditions ready for working at various sites. All equipments are periodically maintained by authorized representatives of manufacturers and continuously maintained and monitored by experienced team of mechanics working under qualified engineers.

We take all measures to ensure the completion of work within the stipulated period and maintain the quality of work as per the specifications. We have worked as per various national and international standards to the entire satisfaction of our clients and consultants."
S&P Capital IQ,4.2,(142 Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 2 more",25 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Deeper Data. Smarter Decisions: Data means nothing without insight. We collect, analyze and interpret data from millions of hard-to-get sources, so you can make better decisions. Global Research. Focused Industry Coverage: When it comes to analyzing complex business sectors, details are everything. We provide industry-specific insights, deep sector analysis, and flexible tools to give you a 360-degree view. Solutions that Work as Hard as You Do: We go beyond numbers to offer personalized guidance, whether you need to identify new opportunities, mitigate risk, assess a potential deal, or navigation regulations."
Qentelli,4.6,(142 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,TX",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Qentelli is praised to be the first technology firm to focus on Continuous Delivery through Orchestrated Engineering. From digitally transforming the time-honored corporate giants to streamlining and strengthening the endeavors of digital natives, the capabilities of our collective efforts stretch a long way. 

Having innovation at the heart of the business culture, Qentelli makes the most of Quality Intelligence, Quality Engineering, and DevOps practices to transform businesses digitally and strategically.

Qentelli is formed with the objective to make Intelligent Quality Engineering a reality to deliver future-ready applications that can serve the ever-increasing volume, variety, and velocity expected from today’s businesses.

Be it Automation, Digital Experience, Big Data, AI Analytics, API Integration, RPA, Chaos Engineering, Cloud Strategy etc., we partner with some of the world’s leading technology solution providers to bring a Product-driven, Solution-led approach to your initiatives."
Teleindia Networ...,4.0,(142 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 16 more",17 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"eleindia began its India operations in 2006, in the telecom vertical as a ‘Service Provider’ business unit with proven expertise, quality standards and efficient delivery processes, making it a reliable partner for a new digital age, reshaping the future of people, nations and businesses. Teleindia’s strong vision is “to provide a competitive advantage to its customers & OEMs by lowering their operating costs and improving the operating reliability”"
SirionLabs,3.5,(142 Reviews),Private,"Bellevue,Washington + 2 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"SirionLabs is transforming the contracting engagement between enterprises by bringing buyers and suppliers closer together across the full lifecycle of the contract – from authoring to performance to closure.

 The Sirion platform significantly reduces the cost of supplier governance by automating complex procedures across key governance disciplines of contract, performance, financial, relationship, and risk management. Advanced process automation cultivates trust, transparency, and authenticity in sourcing transactions and strengthens buyer-supplier relationships, reduces value leakage, and deepens performance insights."
KK Spun Pipes,3.2,(142 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 13 more",46 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"KKSPUN India Limited is India's largest provider of precast concrete solutions for the Infrastructure Industry. With an experience of over three decades, we continue to function on the basis of our values - quality, reliability and efficiency."
ETV Network,3.8,(142 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 11 more",28 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),"ETV Telugu is a 24 x 7 satellite channel comprising general entertainment programming from South India containing serials, both fiction and non-fiction, reality show oriented programs, devotional programs, feature films, tele-films, musical programs, film based programs, youth based programs, women's infotainment programs, special ground events including events for some of the film based programs, musical based programs (reality show oriented and other similar) and special programs relating to major festivals specific to Telugu language speaking community and the Indian State of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana."
Softcell Technol...,4.1,(142 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 12 more,34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Softcell Technologies Global Pvt. Ltd. (formerly the SI Business Division of Softcell Technologies Limited) is a leading System Integrator in India. We deliver robust IT solutions to enterprise customers in the domains of IT Security, Data Centre Technology, Mobility, Cloud Management Solutions and Engineering Solutions. Our journey started in 1989 and over the years, we have built deep expertise in a range of domains. We have successfully served over 3,000 customers and are constantly growing our reach and product/service verticals. We operate from 6 offices across India and have a team of over 500 employees who strive to deliver consistent excellence to our customers. Softcell Technologies Global Pvt. Ltd. registered a (provisional) turnover of INR. 348 cr for the year ended Mar 2019. Our partners include leading OEMs and solution providers in the areas of IT security, network infrastructure equipment, and Mobility such as Apple, JAMF, Arbor, Cisco, Check Point, CloudFlare, Nutanix, Symantec, Veritas, Vmware among other. In the Engineering Services area, we partner with Parametric Technology Corporation, Sigmetrix and Moldex3D to deliver solutions in the domains of MCAD, PLM, IoT among others."
Orion Security S...,3.7,(142 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 29 more",18 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"At ORIONSECURE, we are a leading provider of both Traditional and New-Age Security Services.ORIONSECURE is the flagship & holding company of the larger ORION Group. At ORION we protect and support your people, premises and assets through our end to end solutions for Security Services,Facility Management Services,Investigation & Intelligence Services,Research & Consulting Service,Skill & Training Division. Established in 2005, The Orion Group has operations across all states of India, Middle East, Africa and Europe.Headquartered in New Delhi, India, It is a professionally run enterprise that is led by Senior Business & Operations Leaders from across industry. ORIONSECURE has sustained high growth YOY for the part the past 3 years and has grown to be one of the most trusted and respected names in the industry."
Jaguar Security ...,4.5,(142 Reviews),Noida + 15 more,33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Jaguar Security Services Pvt Ltd is a leader in providing the highest quality of Security Services since 1990. An ISO 9001:2015 certified Company, Jaguar is headquartered at Noida in the National Capital Region, with regional offices in Gurgaon, Kolkata, Bangalore and Mumbai. With security operations spread over 16 states in India, we provide cutting edge and innovative security solutions in close partnership with our clients.

In keeping with our motto 'a step ahead' we have established strategic partnerships with Max Protection of Israel and MSA of USA. This has enabled us to bring in global best practices and expertise in the field of security to India, which when combined with our local capability and skillsets, helps us offer formidable and unmatched security solutions to our clients.

Jaguar seeks to provide highly trained security personnel with exemplary standards of professionalism in execution of their duties. Our single-minded focus on excellence and commitment to our partners has helped us build a strong list of successful clients through the years."
Kanwar Enterpris...,3.4,(142 Reviews),Noida + 19 more,26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"We are pleased to introduce ourselves as contractors in the field of Civil works - Commercial, Institutional, Residential & Industrial Buildings, comprising of Tall Structures, Road/Rail Cum Road, Heavy Foundation work of HVDC/GIS Switch Yards, Earthwork involving Deep excavation, Hard rock cutting, Controlled Blasting, Open Cast/Sand & underground Mining, Rock Bolting & Short Creting along with Land Development and Infrastructure jobs of small and large values, and Raw Water Reservoir, Thermal Power, ETP/STP, Ash Dyke & Tailing Dam works, having a track record of successful completion of works in the past Twenty Years.

As above we are into construction business since 1996 and has completed many infrastructure projects along with front runner in mining industry. When the government has banned the mining in 2002, that we have shifted to similar work in Delhi Metro Phase-I and continuing till date on Phase –III. Where our scope includes Deep under ground excavation, Hard rock controlled blasting, tunnel blasting & rock breaking using heavy machinery , disposal of blasted/excavated material & Tunnel Muck, short creting, rock bolting and structural steel fabrication & erection etc.

We have also undertaken Hard rock excavation with controlled blasting work for a five star hotel cum shopping mall of Treasure Island group, Raipur, Chhattisgarh, Uday Vilas Palace Hotel for service tunnel of 300m long and DB Mall, Bhopal. Here the complete volume of work was taken up by us and we have handed over the site for civil activities well in advance of the given time schedule.

We have successfully completed prestigious projects for premier private organizations of India and Government Departments. We have acquired Sufficient Experience and skills to manage and handle projects of small and large values.

Our company comprises of multi-disciplinary team of qualified engineers, technicians and skilled workers backed by hard earned experience in construction using heavy earth moving equipments, transportation equipments, Tower Cranes, Batching Plants, Hot mix and wet mix plants of various makes/latest models and Blasting Expertise.

We have sufficient equipments, plants and machinery, in excellent conditions ready for working at various sites. All equipments are periodically maintained by authorized representatives of manufacturers and continuously maintained and monitored by experienced team of mechanics working under qualified engineers.

We take all measures to ensure the completion of work within the stipulated period and maintain the quality of work as per the specifications. We have worked as per various national and international standards to the entire satisfaction of our clients and consultants."
Qentelli,4.6,(142 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,TX",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Qentelli is praised to be the first technology firm to focus on Continuous Delivery through Orchestrated Engineering. From digitally transforming the time-honored corporate giants to streamlining and strengthening the endeavors of digital natives, the capabilities of our collective efforts stretch a long way. 

Having innovation at the heart of the business culture, Qentelli makes the most of Quality Intelligence, Quality Engineering, and DevOps practices to transform businesses digitally and strategically.

Qentelli is formed with the objective to make Intelligent Quality Engineering a reality to deliver future-ready applications that can serve the ever-increasing volume, variety, and velocity expected from today’s businesses.

Be it Automation, Digital Experience, Big Data, AI Analytics, API Integration, RPA, Chaos Engineering, Cloud Strategy etc., we partner with some of the world’s leading technology solution providers to bring a Product-driven, Solution-led approach to your initiatives."
S&P Capital IQ,4.2,(142 Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 2 more",25 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Deeper Data. Smarter Decisions: Data means nothing without insight. We collect, analyze and interpret data from millions of hard-to-get sources, so you can make better decisions. Global Research. Focused Industry Coverage: When it comes to analyzing complex business sectors, details are everything. We provide industry-specific insights, deep sector analysis, and flexible tools to give you a 360-degree view. Solutions that Work as Hard as You Do: We go beyond numbers to offer personalized guidance, whether you need to identify new opportunities, mitigate risk, assess a potential deal, or navigation regulations."
PaySquare Consul...,4.1,(142 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 6 more",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Paysquare is a specialist in the area of the end to end payroll outsourcing and provides its services across India. Headquartered in Pune, India, Paysquare was incorporated in 2000. • With its highly customizable and robust ‘Precision’ software platform, Paysquare offers complete automation while offering managed payroll services to its clients. • A real-time synchronization of ‘Precision’ with its web-based ‘myPayroll’ portal offers employees complete access to their salary related information and provides a single window for the HR/Finance teams to interact online with the Paysquare teams.• Powerful MIS reports help in making life easy for the HR & Finance divisions."
SirionLabs,3.5,(142 Reviews),Private,"Bellevue,Washington + 2 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"SirionLabs is transforming the contracting engagement between enterprises by bringing buyers and suppliers closer together across the full lifecycle of the contract – from authoring to performance to closure.

 The Sirion platform significantly reduces the cost of supplier governance by automating complex procedures across key governance disciplines of contract, performance, financial, relationship, and risk management. Advanced process automation cultivates trust, transparency, and authenticity in sourcing transactions and strengthens buyer-supplier relationships, reduces value leakage, and deepens performance insights."
JNET Technologie...,4.3,(142 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 19 more",16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"In an era of digitalization and disruptions in technology, JNET has been successful in adopting and adapting to these rapid evolutions. We are a unique blend of passionate talent, innovative solutions, world-class processes and a visionary management resulting in high levels of customer satisfaction hence forging long-term partnerships. For over a decade, we have been successfully delivering complex, mission critical and high volume applications using our in-depth technical proficiency and project management capabilities.We provide services that are powered by a highly motivated workforce who are constantly updating and upgrading to stay ahead with the aggressively transforming dynamics of the digital world. Our expertise in analytics, cloud, IoT and automation help us provide services and solutions that are seamless, highly scalable and secure. Leveraging on your strength in data integration, data analysis and visualization we provide valuable insights to businesses helping them take quick and effective decisions.Quality is one of our core values at JNET. Our certifications in ISO 9001:2008, ISO/IEC 27001:2013 and CMMI-SVC ML3 stand proof to our commitment towards world-class standards. We have a team of quality experts who ensure that every resource in the company is well appraised of our quality policy and follow them at all levels."
Epsilon Carbon,3.9,(142 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 7 more",13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Epsilon Carbon’s journey started in year 2010 with aim of establishing India’s largest coal chemical processing facility. We believe that manufacturing superior products coupled with best practices will help us forge ahead in newer markets and explore global partnerships.

We have manufacturing unit’s situated at Karnataka, Chhattisgarh and Orissa. Our facilities are strategically located near raw material sources and/or customers. Our core advantage is having 100% secured raw material which allows us to build long-lasting customer relationships.

Keeping in view of our mission, we are constantly striving for the well-being of our customers, employees, local community and the environment. At Epsilon Carbon, each one of us believes in being the best towards our society, profession and personal lives."
MindGate Solutio...,3.5,(142 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 5 more,15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Incorporated a decade ago, Mindgate has chronicled stupendous growth and established a strong presence in India, Middle East & ASEAN market with over 65 plus banks and payment providers for whom we provide digital payments/collections platform. We enable API based integration from bank accounts to social payments like Google Tez and Whatsapp Payments for P2P and P2M transactions. We process more than 30 million transactions a day on the Mindgate platform."
Hurix Systems,3.3,(142 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 3 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Hurix is transforming how digital content is experienced globally. Innovators of digital publishing technology with 16 + years of experience, Hurix powers business agility for leading publishers and corporate organizations globally with our mobility & digital content solutions. More than 6 million+ users, across 25+ countries, in 20+ languages, experience Hurix Digital every day.

We work with customers worldwide to design & develop digital learning & content solutions for the 21st-century learner. An end-to-end digital content solution provider, we create, publish and distribute engaging digital content across traditional and newer mobile platforms, formats and devices. Our wide range of eLearning services and technology solutions make Hurix the ideal destination from design to delivery of digital content."
Karvy Fintech,3.9,(142 Reviews),"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 15 more",45 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"KFintech is the largest registrar and a market leader, servicing over 90 million investor accounts spread over 1300 issuers including banks, PSUs and mutual funds. With a workforce of around 5,500+ experienced professionals drawn from various disciplines, and 220 branches Pan India, KFintech has emerged as a market leader in Investor Servicing."
Maxicus,4.2,(142 Reviews),"Gurgaon,Haryana + 3 more",20 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Bajaj allianze g...,4.0,(142 Reviews),JV,Pune + 46 more,22 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited is a joint venture between Bajaj Finserv Limited (recently demerged from Bajaj Auto Limited) and Allianz SE. Both enjoy a reputation of expertise, stability and strength.

Bajaj Allianz General Insurance received the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) certificate of Registration on 2nd May, 2001 to conduct General Insurance business (including Health Insurance business) in India. The Company has an authorized and paid up capital of Rs 110 crores. Bajaj Finserv Limited holds 74% and the remaining 26% is held by Allianz, SE.

In November 2014, the company was awarded the Best General Insurance Company of the Year, by Asia Insurance Industry Awards 2014, for its outstanding customer service levels, the innovations in the field of insurance and the sound financial management which has led to continuous profitability over the years.  The company has also won the award for ""Best Insurance Company in the Private Sector - General""​ by ABP News - Banking, Financial Services & Insurance Awards in 2014.

The MD and CEO of Bajaj Allianz General Insurance, Mr Tapan Singhel, has been honored the “Visionary of India” at the Brand Vision India 2020 Summit and Awards 2014-15.

Bajaj Allianz today has a countrywide network connected through the latest technology for quick communication and response in over 200 towns spread across the length and breadth of the country. From Surat to Siliguri and Jammu to Thiruvananthapuram, all the offices are interconnected with the Head Office at Pune."
Freyr Solutions,4.1,(142 Reviews),Private,"Princeton,New Jersey",16 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Freyr is a trusted partner, providing end-to-end Regulatory services, across Top 20 global brands for 6 of the Forbes* Global Top 10 Fortune 500 Healthcare / Life Sciences, Mid-market $1+ Billion Bio Pharma, and Several Small-Medium, Fast Growing Life Sciences companies, CROs and Standards agencies. Freyr is one of the few global companies to have pioneered specialized Centers of Excellence (CoEs) exclusively focusing on the entire Regulatory value-chain which are supported by rapidly growing global teams of 750+ Regulatory Professionals."
TestingXperts,4.1,(159 Reviews),Private,"Mechanicsburg,Pennsylvania + 6 more",27 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"TestingXperts (Tx) is a next-gen QA & Software Testing Services provider co-headquartered in PA, USA and London with test labs across US, Europe, and offshore test labs in India. TestingXperts’ comprehensive suite of testing services covers Test Advisory, Functional and Non-Functional testing specializing in Automation, Digital, DevOps, Agile, Web, Mobility, AI/ML, RPA, Blockchain, IOT, and Big Data to name a few. Tx is pioneering the next-gen Continuous Testing practices with a team of modern testers focused on test automation, CI/ CD, and shift left methodologies. With its in-house testing solutions, global pool of skilled testers, specialist testing approach, and global delivery model, TestingXperts is helping its clients transform their QA function to dramatically reduce production defects, reduce QA cycle times up to 80% and lower overall QA costs up to 60%. Tx partners with leading organizations ranging from start-ups to large enterprises across various industries globally to deliver ‘ready for business systems.

TestingXperts ranked as one of top 5 pure-play Software and QA testing companies globally by NelsonHall.
TestingXperts is an ISO 9001:2015 & ISO 27001:2013 certified company.
TestingXperts is a Great Place to Work-Certified™ company for third year in a row.
TestingXperts recognized in 2022 Gartner® Market Guide for Application Testing Services as one of pure-play testing services provider.
TestingXperts positioned in NelsonHall Quality Engineering NEAT Chart 2022.
TestingXperts has been positioned as a ‘Leader’ in NelsonHall’s 2019 NEAT Chart and mentioned in The EVEREST Group PEAK Matrix"
Jaguar Land Rove...,3.9,(141 Reviews),Private,Coventry + 29 more,15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Today, we are transforming for tomorrow. Our vision is a world of sustainable, smart mobility: Destination Zero. We are driving towards a future of zero emissions, zero accidents and zero congestion – even zero waste.  We seek conscious reductions, embracing the circular economy and giving back to society. 

Technologies are changing but the core ingredients of Jaguar Land Rover remain the same: responsible business practices, cutting - edge innovation and outstanding products that offer our customers a compelling combination of the best British design and engineering integrity. 

Customers are at the heart of everything we do. Whether going above and beyond with Land Rover, or being fearlessly creative with Jaguar, we will always deliver experiences that people love, for life. 

In 2008, Jaguar and Land Rover was bought by Tata Motors, India’s largest automobile manufacturer, and officially joined together as one company in 2013."
IREO,4.0,(141 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 7 more",19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Ireo is a leading property developer in India. Since establishing our presence in 2004, we have assembled one of the largest property portfolios in India, with a focus on the Delhi NCR (including Gurgaon), Punjab, Tamil Nadu, and Goa regions. Combining the best of Indian and international resources, our team consists of accomplished Indian and expatriate professionals from diverse backgrounds to lead initiatives and to deliver best in class products and services to our customers.

The Ireo portfolio is owned by affiliated investment funds that are backed by global blue-chip investors and financial institutions, and these funds have invested approximately $2 billion since 2004."
MSCI,4.0,(141 Reviews),Public,"New York City,New York + 5 more",54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MSCI is a leading provider of critical decision support tools and services for the global investment community. With over 50 years of expertise in research, data and technology, we power better investment decisions by enabling clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently build more effective portfolios. We create industry-leading research-enhanced solutions that clients use to gain insight into and improve transparency across the investment process."
Ninestars Inform...,3.5,(141 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 7 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in 1999, Ninestars is an IP-driven Digital transformation industry leader. Ninestars helps Media, Publishing, Communication & PR, Government, BFSI and Publishing industries to redefine consumer experiences, strengthen their digital core, embrace digital transformation, and realize the full potential of their content.

Our strategy at Ninestars operates at the juncture of technology and business by bringing together our capabilities and years of experience to help our clients execute specific strategies for B2B, B2C and B2B2C to gain sustainable profits, efficiency, and growth. Our innovative products and services help us visualize, seize and lead the market. We don’t follow the market trends but create them! With over 18 years in the industry, Ninestars Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. has been instrumental in revolutionizing the media industry with innovative projects in newspaper archive digitization and contributing to the digital transformation journey of more than 150 organizations worldwide"
Sraco,4.1,(141 Reviews),Private,Dammam + 12 more,41 years old,10k-50k Employees (Global),"SRACO Company. (SRACO), founded in 1982, is one of the oldest established independent companies in Saudi Arabia. Headquartered in Dammam, SRACO has offices in Riyadh and Jeddah. As a conglomerate, SRACO has a workforce of over 15000 employees gainfully employed throughout the Kingdom. SRACO is a well known construction, Consulting and Maintenance Company with over 30 years of combined experience in the construction, Consulting and maintenance trades. Our business focus is directed toward general contracting and commercial plant and facility maintenance"
Thermax Babcock ...,4.1,(141 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 10 more",13 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited (TBWES) is a global company with capacity to satisfy the need for very large boilers, from within India and in the Asian sub-continent. This is a joint venture partnership limited company between Thermax Limited, India and Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group, Inc., Barberton, Ohio, USA (B&W PGG). Background : The significant growth of the Indian economy, a changing demography, rising urban population and socio-economic developments have all contributed to the increasing demand for commercial energy. Meeting this demand is an enormous challenge for the power equipment industry, but it is also an opportunity. With the Indian power ministry’s resolution of “Power for all by 2012” taken in 2002, as well as the Electricity Act of 2003, the power industry opened up from the confines of the Central and State governments, and facilitated the entry of the private sector. It was formed to fulfill India’s need for quality power at optimum cost, by manufacturing subcritical and supercritical boilers, the preferred technologies for thermal power generation. A joint venture between Thermax Limited, Pune, India and Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group, Inc., USA, TBWES was registered under the Companies Act 1956 on 26th June, 2010 and a license agreement was signed between the two companies on 18th August 2010. This license covers transfer of technical know-how pertaining to design and engineering, manufacturing and installation of Subcritical Boilers of capacity 1000 TPH (300 MW) and above and the full range of Supercritical Boilers. The manufacturing plant is located about 50 kms from Pune in Maharashtra on the Mumbai-Bangalore national highway (NH4), about 160 kms from the J.N.P.T Sea Port and 210 kms from the Bombay Port Trust. This state-of-the-art facility is equipped to manufacture Supercritical and Subcritical boilers with an annual capacity of 3000 MW and provisions for an expansion up to 5000 MW."
Balaji Enterpris...,3.8,(141 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 45 more",32 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"BALAJI ENTERPRISES, BHOSARI MIDC, PUNE was established in the year 1992 with one focused ambition to become the best provider of valve component in India. The Company BALAJI ENTERPRISES has been engaged in manufacture of highly engineered Valve Components. In year 2003 we started second machining unit in the name of Shrinivas Engineering. BALAJI ENTERPRISES technical prowess lies in the resourceful, dynamic engineers manning the Design and Engineering activities. In year 2005, we have a very strong Quality Management System which was certied by DET NORSKE VERITAS (DNV) Management System for ISO 9001 : 2008."
Autocomp Corpora...,3.6,(141 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 4 more",40 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Autocomp Corporation Panse Private Limited manufactures automotive. The Company offers bushes, bearings, mounts, and Fuel filler assemblies, as well as designs dies and fixtures. Autocomp Corporation Panse serves clients in India."
Jay Ushin,4.0,(141 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 8 more",64 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Jay Ushin Ltd belongs to the remarkable industrial conglomerate of JPM Group. This group has been an epitome of professionalism, quality and efficiency for 60 years now and Jay Ushin has furthered the tradition of pursuing excellence.We pride ourselves in continuously bettering our Design Capabilities, Process Improvements, Productivity and Value Engineering. These tenets have been the force behind our success for last three decades."
Gawar Constructi...,4.3,(141 Reviews),"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 24 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"We are engaged in the execution and construction of roads, bridges, ROBs, buildings and other civil construction. In construction business for over a decade, Gawar Construction Ltd. has already carved a name for itself in the list of reputed companies in India. Gawar Construction Limited is backed by an extensive network of unparalleled civil construction resources and expertise. We are an ISO certified company and proudly adhere to the strictest standards in the industry. We currently offer civil construction activities including road and bridge construction. Our professionals are equipped to expertly address local project requirements and provide individual attention. Presently we are executing projects in Haryana, Rajasthan, Punjab, NCR, Sikkim and Nepal."
Technofab Engine...,4.0,(141 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 16 more",52 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"A consultancy of us based MNC STOCK which deals with service & marketing of gravimetric feeders related to boiler maintenance & this company has the authority to work in 4 asian countries(india,srilanka,nepal & bangladesh). aprt from it it has also collaborating with company worldwide so as to provide complete fire fighting solution for a complete power plant"
JSG Group,3.5,(141 Reviews),Private,Kundli + 4 more,13 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"JSG Innotech has evolved as an enterprise committed to bringing opportunities of Innovation, Technology and Competence. Serving Global Customers with best-in-class Technology, Excellence, Innovation, and Resourcefulness, we are setting new world standards every moment. Our passion for Integrity and Performance has made us grow just like our team and our customers.At JSG, we continuously endeavor to deliver what works: what we deliver is a match for the needs and wants of our customers - be it design, aesthetics, specifications, quality or prices. We are successful due to our ability to stay in sync with the demands of our marketplace and because of our in-depth expertise in design, engineering and tool-making; all of which are seamlessly integrated with robust quality assurance, production and supply chain processes to ensure ready availability and delivery on time."
Zscaler Softech,4.2,(141 Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 9 more",15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Zscaler is the leading, most innovative firm in the $35 billion market - security - and we are actively working to bring cloud computing to Internet security just like Salesforce.com did to CRM. We have amassed more than 5,000 customers - including amazing brand name customers - and more than 12 million people across more than 180 countries are protected by our systems every single day. Zscaler is uniquely positioned to take advantage of the most important trends in the computing world - the shift to cloud computing, the ubiquity of mobile devices, the coming revolution that will be brought on by the Internet of things, and perhaps most importantly the evolution of threats - which are more serious today than they have ever been before. We are growing extremely fast, which means incredible career and growth opportunities for folks looking to join our team."
Lucas Indian Ser...,4.1,(141 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 27 more,93 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Lucas India Service Limited (LIS) established in 1930, is an automotive aftermarket organization providing solutions to a range of vehicle manufacturers from two-wheelers to cars, trucks, and buses, as well as off-highway vehicles. LIS also manufactures Ignition Coils and Solenoid Switches, and distributes a wide range of Auto Electrical parts, Automotive Batteries, Diesel Fuel Injection equipment, Radiator Fan Motor Assemblies, Glow Plugs, Synthetic Lubricants, Engine Coolants, and a complete range of Filters.We provide service solutions in Auto Electrical products and in the Diesel Fuel Injection system. Specialized training is provided to service dealers, vehicle manufacturers, state transport undertakings, defence establishments, and fleet operators."
Sai Service,4.2,(141 Reviews),Private,Pune + 24 more,38 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Sai Service Group is the largest selling Maruti Suzuki dealership in India and has a presence in Pune, Kolhapur, Mumbai, Goa, Telengana and Kerala. The Sai Service Group started its journey in 1985 and has completed 34 years in the market till now. We are also dealers for Bajaj Auto & KTM in Mumbai and Pune . The Group aims to be a one-stop customer solution right from car buying and after sales to service, repair, maintenance, insurance and more."
Barmalt Malting,3.6,(141 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 4 more",56 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Barmalt is the largest manufacturer of malt and malt extract in India. Since our inception we have used innovation and technology as major tools to create a strong, strategically integrated company with quality assets and people.

With our experience, we manufacture a wide range of quality malt and malt extract for the brewing, distilling, and food industries. To ensure optimum quality at all times, all raw materials and finished products, at Barmalt, are constantly subjected to extremely stringent quality control checks executed by well qualified chemists."
Abu Dhabi Nation...,4.2,(141 Reviews),Private,Abu Dhabi + 10 more,47 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Abu Dhabi National Hotels (ADNH) was founded almost four decades ago as a hotel owner and asset manager and has evolved into a hospitality group that encompasses hotels, restaurants, destination management services, catering and transportation. Under its Hotels Division, ADNH owns some of the most reputable and recognizable hotels in the Emirate and beyond: The Ritz-Carlton Abu Dhabi, Grand Canal; Park Hyatt Abu Dhabi Hotel and Villas; Sheraton Abu Dhabi Hotel & Resort; Le Meridien Abu Dhabi; Radisson Blu Hotel & Resort Al Ain; Radisson Blu Hotel & Resort Abu Dhabi, Corniche; Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach. ADNH has also developed an operator division, managing a portfolio of hotels and hotel apartments in prime city locations under the umbrella of Al Diar Hotels brand. The group’s restaurants division is represented by the collection of innovative food and beverage concepts under the umbrella of the Venetian Village, wherein franchises of internationally acclaimed restaurant brands are operated in an exclusive setting within the grounds of The Ritz-Carlton Abu Dhabi, Grand Canal.
                    ADNH’s other hospitality divisions encompass Al Ghazal Transport and ADNH Compass."
TITAGARH WAGONS,3.3,(141 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 7 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Titagarh Wagons is a railway wagon manufacturer based out of Titagarh, West Bengal, India. The company manufactures coaches for the Indian Railways, bailey bridges, and mining equipment. A subsidiary, Titagarh Marines, operates in the shipbuilding industry."
Citrix,4.1,(141 Reviews),Private,"Fort Lauderdale,Florida + 1 more",34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Citrix is leading the transition to software-defining the workplace, uniting virtualization, mobility management, networking and SaaS solutions to enable new ways for businesses and people to work better. Citrix solutions power business mobility through secure, mobile workspaces that provide people with instant access to apps, desktops, data and communications on any device, over any network and cloud. oday, more than 100 million users across 400,000 organizations – including 99% of the Fortune 500 – trust Citrix to power a better way to work."
Hinduja Finance,4.2,(141 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 76 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Our Company was incorporated as ""Aasia Finance Private Limited"" under the provisions of Companies Act, 1956 vide certificate of incorporation dated December 20, 2006 bearing registration number 166340 in Mumbai, Maharashtra. Subsequently the name of the Company was changed to ""Hinduja Finance Private Limited"" vide fresh certificate of incorporation dated June 25, 2008."
Med Manor Organi...,3.4,(141 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 25 more",25 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Med Manor Organics is a fully integrated and one of the fastest growing Pharmaceutical Company in India. As per market research organization, Pharmatrac, Med Manor ranks top 84th company amongst all pharmaceutical companies in India, and almost 18 years of experience behind since its inception in 1998, Med Manor Organics stands for ""High Quality Health Care"". With core business philosophy of ""Innovating for Excellence"", today Med Manor Organics renders high quality and diverse range of specialized drug formulations in multiple therapy segments to address the unmet clinical needs and overcome the disease challenges."
Qatargas,4.7,(141 Reviews),Doha + 9 more,39 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"Qatargas is a unique global energy operator in terms of size, service and reliability. The Company operates 14 Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) trains with a total annual production capacity of 77 million tonnes. This makes Qatargas the largest LNG producer in the world.

Established in 1984, Qatargas develops, produces, and markets hydrocarbons from the world’s largest non-associated natural gas field. In addition to producing LNG, Qatargas is also a leading exporter of natural gas, helium, condensate and associated products.

Today, Qatargas continues to set the benchmark in the LNG industry as it safely and reliably supplies energy to customers all over the world.​"
Milk Mantra Dair...,3.7,(141 Reviews),Private,"Bhubaneswar,Odisha + 13 more",14 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Milk Mantra is India’s 1st VC funded agri food venture and has been a pioneer in bringing an entrepreneurial revolution in the dairy sector in India and in addressing the widespread consumer trust deficit. With a differentiated conscious capital approach we create Truly Pure products and have built Milky Moo into the fastest growing food brand in the country.

Founded by Srikumar Misra, Milk Mantra has received funding from both impact & global mainstream investors and is a transformational high growth business that has been covered extensively by international publications including The Wall Street Journal, Forbes, & Fortune, and is a case study in Stanford Business School & Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad.

The Milky Moo range is available across Eastern India. At the heart of the company is Functional Innovation and  its Ethical Milk Sourcing with the motto of Happy Farmers = Happy Cows = Best Milk and it directly impacts more than 55,000 farmers in Odisha has increased farmer income by 40%."
MAN Truck & Bus,4.2,(141 Reviews),Private,"Munich,Munich + 15 more",265 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"MAN Truck & Bus manufactures trucks with gross vehicle weights ranging from 7.5 to 44 tons, heavy-duty special-purpose vehicles with gross train weights of up to 250 tons, city and intercity buses and coaches (entire buses and chassis), as well as diesel and natural gas engines. The company also offers a broad range of services and solutions to complement their extensive product line. MAN Truck & Bus has four production sites in Germany – Munich, Nuremberg, Salzgitter, and Plauen – as well as nine other sites throughout Austria, Poland, Turkey, Russia, South Africa, and India."
Assimilate Solut...,3.7,(141 Reviews),Private,"Tucson,Arizona + 6 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"US based Assimilate Solutions is a domain centric mortgage services provider, exclusively servicing the US residential mortgage sector (origination, title/settlement, servicing and real-estate segments). Assimilate's deep mortgage experience and service offerings play a critical role in gaining cost and operational efficiencies for our clients."
Wings Biotech,3.3,(141 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 24 more",37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Wings believes in providing need-based products of best quality in personal care and healthcare segment. Wings focuses on making the lives of its consumer and their loved ones better. Over a period of time our brands have upgraded and improved themselves successfully and have emerged life-saving in a sustainable way for the lives that depend on it.
Ephicacy Lifesci...,4.6,(141 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 4 more,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
The Sparks Found...,4.3,(141 Reviews),Singapore + 12 more,7 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,We connect students of all financial backgrounds with experts. Knowledge sharing enables equal opportunity for all.
Arzooo.com,2.8,(141 Reviews),"Bangalore,Karnataka + 25 more",7 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Optimum Infosyst...,3.9,(141 Reviews),Private,Singapore + 9 more,26 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1997, Optimum is a full-spectrum IT services and solutions company whose mission is to “Empower Business with Technology.”Headquartered in Singapore, Optimum operates from offices in 7 countries with more than 4500 employees across the globe and helps business harness technology to deliver innovative solutions. We provide cutting-edge software solutions & services on a variety of technology platforms to clients pre-dominantly as part of Fortune 2000. We offer a comprehensive array of Application Services, Infrastructure Management Services, Cloud and Mobility Solutions, Analytics and Insights and Shared Services. Our impressive track record spans two decades of helping businesses drive innovation, deliver disruptive customer experiences and implement transformational IT projects. To date, we have delivered more than 500 projects that have generated millions of dollars in revenue for our clients."
Pinkerton,3.9,(141 Reviews),Private,"Ann Arbor,Detroit + 9 more",173 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Risk management and security is not just what we do — it’s our calling.

We trace our roots back to 1850, when Allan Pinkerton founded Pinkerton’s National Detective Agency. During our rich history, we’ve created the forerunner to the U.S. Secret Service, hired America’s first woman detective, and have remained the industry leader in developing innovative security and risk management solutions for national and international organizations.

Today, we combine our 170 years of legacy and institutional knowledge with technology informed by our expertise to protect and create value for our clients across the globe. From brains to boots, we purposefully infuse integrity, vigilance, and excellence into our work. Our connected network of resources allows us to learn, anticipate, and deliver new and specialized solutions that span the spectrum of our clients’ needs, from strategy to implementation. No matter when, no matter where, we pride ourselves on being there for you.

Being a Pinkerton agent means we are your trusted partner. Because at Pinkerton, we never sleep."
Sudhir Power,4.0,(141 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 23 more",50 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1973, Sudhir Group is committed to new and innovative technology and strives to develop breakthrough products to meet the ever changing need of power industry. The Company has a wide blue-chip customer base and operates through multiple manufacturing facilities across India. The product line focuses on 7.5KVA – 3000 KVA Diesel & Gas Generators, 100 KW Solar Panels, Oil & Dry Type Transformers, HT 11KV & 33KV Panels & LT Panels, Packaged Substations and Turnkey EPC contracts covering electrical and mechanical services."
Ozone Pharmaceut...,3.6,(140 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 12 more,32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"OZONE PHARMACEUTICALS LTD.. gets its name from OZONE, a form of oxygen, which is spread all over the atmosphere, with maximum concentration in the stratosphere, which is the upper part of atmosphere, approximately 20 kilometers from the earth.

Ozone Pharmaceuticals Ltd. was incorporated in 1991, with a keen desire and aspiration to serve humanity through finest quality medicaments. The company has two ultramodern and high-tech manufacturing units in Baddi, Himachal Pradesh, India, and Guwahati, Assam, India, using State-of-the-art technology in production, quality control and packaging.

Ozone is a formulation based drug manufacturing and marketing company, with a focus on prescription drugs, in the areas of Pain Management, Nutritional Supplements, Anti-infectives, Vascular Management, Chronic Disease management like Cardiac and Diabetes and Hemostats. Ozone Pharma has two specialized divisions named as Proton and Nucleus, with more than 1000 field personnel who are promoting products and brands to specialists like Cardiologists, Diabetologist, Orthopedics, Gynecologists, Surgeons, and Physicians across India and Nepal."
Aeries Technolog...,3.9,(140 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 4 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ATG is a Global Business Services (GBS) company offering outsourcing solutions, business process management, and technological advancements to organizations seeking higher operational effectiveness, greater flexibility, and cost savings.

We help create a virtual extension of our clients’ enterprise with an operational framework which is simple, flexible and resilient. ATG enables its clients to extend current capabilities and build value-added services by providing global access to resources and diverse skill sets, including best practices in multiple processes and technology domains. Our services are designed to aid businesses improve their operational efficiencies, performance and reduce costs."
INOX Air Product...,4.3,(140 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 36 more,60 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Head-quartered in Mumbai, INOX Air Products Pvt Ltd is one of the largest manufacturers of industrial gases in India with 36 plants spread throughout the country. The company has a workforce of approximately 1150 and has a turnover in excess of $200 Million.
INOX Air Products Pvt Ltd manufactures and supplies industrial gases including Oxygen, Nitrogen, Helium, Argon, Carbon Dioxide, Hydrogen, and speciality gas mixtures throughout India. The company specialises in providing products, technologies and services to a vast cross-section of industries including the chemical, pharmaceutical, metals, steel, food, waste water treatment, cement, glass, textiles, paint, medical and pulp and paper sectors, to name but a few."
Eastern Software...,3.5,(140 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 6 more",33 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Eastern Software Systems (ESS) is a premium IT Solutions & Services Company with a presence in 25 countries across Africa, Middle East and India. ESS offers cutting-edge Enterprise Automation Solutions and I.T. Services to its clients across diverse industry verticals and government organizations. ESS was founded in 1990 and is an ISO-9001:2015 certified enterprise which is also assessed at SEI CMM Level 5. ESS constantly trains and upgrades the skillsets of its technical workforce so that Eastern Software Systems has the expertise and resources to meet the unique challenges and opportunities that are associated with providing high-quality IT Products and Services in today’s extremely competitive business environment.

ESS’ flagship product, ebizframe ERP System is a Next Generation ERP Suite that has been successfully implemented for 1100+ clients. ebizframe eliminates the scattered islands of information in an enterprise and replaces them with a system wherein all transactions occur on a single platform using the same database. This ensures that there is only “One Version of the Truth” across the enterprise. ebizframe ERP is completely Device-Agnostic and SMAC (Social, Media, Analytics and Cloud) enabled. It can be quickly configured for almost any industry vertical thereby ensuring rapid implementation and delivers one of the fastest Return on Investment (RoI) in the industry. ebizframe ERP in India has been instrumental in transforming enterprises into becoming more agile and proactive so that they can face challenges and readily adapt to the dynamic business environment effortlessly."
Grassroots BPO,4.0,(140 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 4 more",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Grassroots BPO was founded in 2011 with the aim of delivering world class BPMS solutions to clients using a blend of domain experience, cutting edge technology and process excellence driven by industry best practices at competitive costs. Our core team consists of veterans from the telecommunication, BPO and Technology industries, with a combined experience of over 200 years. With a client base that expands across varied fields like E-Commerce, Retail and Education to Finance and Telecommunications, Grassroots holds a name for itself in the BPO Industry. We have a constantly growing team of over 1400 resources, enabling us to service clients across India & globally, with four company owned delivery centers in Bangalore, one in Mysore and strategic partners in Delhi, Mumbai, Pune , Noida & recently we have allied with a partner in China. We pride ourselves in being able to adapt to challenges real time irrespective of demographics, languages or domain, enabling us to consistently deliver excellence."
Four Seasons Hot...,4.2,(140 Reviews),Public,"Toronto,Ontario + 15 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Many years ago, Four Seasons set out to create a corporate mission statement that would guide the actions of everyone in the organization. Our goals, beliefs and principles are the foundation of the work we do every day on behalf of our guests.

We have chosen to specialize within the hospitality industry by offering only experiences of exceptional quality. Our objective is to be recognized as the company that manages the finest hotels, resorts and residence clubs wherever we locate. We create properties of enduring value using superior design and finishes, and support them with a deeply instilled ethic of personal service. Doing so allows Four Seasons to satisfy the needs and tastes of our discerning customers, and to maintain our position as the world's premier luxury hospitality company.

Woman carries tray with fruity cocktail to guest in lounge chair on sand beach

Our greatest asset, and the key to our success, is our people. We believe that each of us needs a sense of dignity, pride and satisfaction in what we do. Because satisfying our guests depends on the united efforts of many, we are most effective when we work together cooperatively, respecting each other’s contribution and importance."
IBM Info Service...,4.2,(140 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 19 more,24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"InfoServices, a wholly owned subsidiary of Hi Tech Informatics is the largest supplier of IT support services to IBM in India. The exclusive partnership with IBM began in 1999 and later on set the standards for long term trust based partnerships in Indian IT industry . Hi Tech Informatics support services has been critical to IBM to deliver internationally recognized services to companies such as Bharati, Income Department of India, ABB and Royal Bank of Scotland.

Hi Tech Informatics is strategically located all over India to provide quality support services to any customer in any location. The company has 7 zonal offices and 16 branch offices. A zonal office is a large office with training facilities, dedicated HR staff and adequate spare supplies. A branch office is comparatively smaller office with one or more of the mentioned facilities. Typically, 2-3 branch offices report to a zonal office, which in turn report to the main office located at Chennai. Info Services believes in empowerment and open-door policies. All our branch offices and zonal offices take independent decisions for staffing, training and serving customers needs. In addition to the 23 offices, Hi Tech Informatics has engineers present in several on-site locations for providing 24*7 services. There are a total of 67 of onsite locations, some of them with multiple engineers, even in challenging locations such as Andaman and Nicobar Islands and NESA  states. Thus with 90 locations (offices and on-site), 1600+ employees and 24*7 operations, Info Services is a high quality and trusted partner to IBM."
COMSTAR AUTOMOTI...,3.8,(140 Reviews),Private,"Chengalpattu,Tamil Nadu + 3 more",24 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Comstar is one of the leading multinational automotive ancillary companies engaged in the design and manufacture of starting and charging systems for global passenger car and light commercial applications.

Comstar’s product portfolio is designed to cater various vehicle segments and can be customized to best suit the customer requirements. With close to two decades of excellence in design and manufacture of quality products, Comstar partners with global OEMs like Ford, Volvo, Geely, Renault-Nissan, Jaguar Land Rover, Aston Martin, Tata, Ashok Leyland, etc.

Headquartered at Chennai, India, Comstar caters to various geographical regions and has customers across Europe, North America, South America and Asia, supported by our local warehouses. With offices in India, China, Sweden and US, and manufacturing facilities in Chennai (India), Tecumseh (USA), Hangzhou (China) and Irapuato (Mexico), Comstar is well positioned to support OEMs globally with a global installed capacity of over 6.8 million starter motors and 1.0 million alternators. We also have wide network of aftermarket partners in Europe and India."
Ratna Sagar,4.0,(140 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 17 more",41 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Ratna Sagar was born in 1982. The objective of Ratna Sagar is to bring out educational books that will represent exemplary standards of book publication. Each will embody the highest levels of teaching methodology, design and presentation and pedagogical effectiveness. These books will employ the most modern and proven approaches towards the shaping of young minds. The name Ratna Sagar derives from the ancient Nalanda University, one of history's greatest seats of learning which flourished at least 2000 years ago. The university had a magnificent library with three grand buildings one of which was named Ratna Sagar - Ocean of Gems. It housed hundreds of thousands of sacred manuscripts."
Pyro Group,3.9,(140 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 24 more",24 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Pyro is a very niche mid-tier technology solution provider to NGN communication carriers i.e. Wireless, Wireline, IP, MVNO etc.  The Pyro Group Companies - Pyro Telecom Solutions and Pyro Networks are focused on delivering 360° mobility products and services that enhance operator networks to deliver immediate and effective solutions. 

Pyro Telecom Solutions is ISO 9001:2008 and OHSAS 18001:2007 certified. Their cutting edge platforms and VAS enable MNOs and Telcos to build their repertoire of services with unified services that can be integrated seamlessly to operator networks.

Pyro Networks has built many platforms and solutions that enable mobile payments and financial transactions for MNOs and the end users. Pyro's Merchant network has also enabled financial inclusion and mobility for customers who do not have a bank account to make utility payments using Pyro's mobile wallet - SpeedPay."
IDMC,4.1,(140 Reviews),Private,Vitthal Udyognagar + 9 more,45 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"IDMC has emerged as a front-runner in the manufacture and supply of complete range of equipment for application in dairy, pharma, beverage, brewery and thermal management as well as packaging industries. The company's more than three decades of proven expertise, backed by five most modern manufacturing units and a qualified and trained manpower has positioned IDMC as a trusted single-roof solution provider together with automation, equipment design and manufacture right up to installation and commissioning."
Dixcy Textiles,4.3,(140 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 28 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Dixcy Textiles Private Limited is an Apparel Manufacturer headquartered in Bangalore, India and having ancillary production units in Tirupur, Tamil Nadu.Our story is about an effort to provide quality and affordable innerwear to all sections of the population. This journey began in 1982 in the small town of Tirupur, Tamil Nadu from modest and humble beginnings. Over the past 3 decades, Dixcy has branched out to become one of the leading clothing manufacturers in India for Men, Women, Boys, and Girls.With over 420 products, distributed across 120,000+ stores through 1200+ distributors, Dixcy has managed to capture the popular imagination with its assortment of quality products backed by memorable commercials. Most recently, we have taken the license for manufacturing and distributing Levi’s innerwear in India. We are also steadily increasing our footprints across the world.Since 2017, Dixcy has been backed by Advent International, a private equity firm that has invested in firms and sectors with long term potential and in 2019 Advent further invested in the business for a 100% stake in the business.With several other exciting products in the pipeline, the future looks promising for the company as it sets out to achieve ambitious targets"
Towell Engineeri...,3.8,(140 Reviews),Muscat + 8 more,22 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"""Towell Engineering"" - the engineering arm of the W.J.Towell group, is a young, dynamic and successful business comprising of eleven specialized and professionally managed engineering companies namely TOWELL INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS CO. LLC - (TIPCO),UNITED INDUSTRIAL SERVICES CO. LLC - (UNISCO), TOWELL DRILLING AND OIL FIELD SERVICES - (TDOS), TOWELL ENGINEERING SERVICES CO. LLC - (TESCO), TOWELL ENGINEERING INTERNATIONAL LLP - (TEIL), TOWELL ELECTRICAL PROJECTS CO. LLC - (TELCO), TOWELL CONSTRUCTION & CO. LLC - (TCC), TAYLOR WOODROW OMAN - (TWO), TOWELL ENGINEERING GROUP - KUWAIT, TOWELL ENGINEERING GROUP - QATAR, TOWELL ENGINEERING GROUP - ABU DHABI and NXTLEVVEL BIOCHEM BV- (NXTLEVVEL).
​
Founded in the year 2001 as a one-man operation by Mr. BALAJI SRINIVASAN - The Founder / Group CEO & Managing Director of Towell Engineering Group, - the beginning was very humble in one room at Al Wadi Al Kabir - Muscat - Sultanate Of Oman, and we were then dealing with Gas Turbine and diesel engine spare parts. This one-man venture - a small seed sown in 1999 with dreams to make it BIG, - today, has grown into a cluster of specialized companies in the fields of engineering, construction, projects & other services. The capital invested in this venture is sheer hard work, innovation in approach, aggressive (but cautious) business strategies, intelligent commercial and business acumen, unstinted efforts and insatiable urge and commitment to make it BIG among the established players in the engineering project business in Oman. Today, this engineering conglomerate has achieved a magical growth in the bottom-line and is in the position of one of the best companies in the sectors of its operations. Moreover, Towell Engineering is regarded today as one of the top performing companies in the Towell group as well."
Paul Merchants,4.1,(140 Reviews),Public,"Chandigarh,Chandigarh + 49 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Paul Merchants Limited is an conglomerate providing various services such as Forex, International Money Transfer, Tour & Travels, and Business Payment Solutions. Paul Merchants through its 100+ branches serves thousands of customers PAN India, on daily basis.The illustrious Journey of PML started in the year 1991 with its founder Mr. Sat Paul Bansal acquiring an existing Company known as Brite Agro Mills Ltd from its then promoters, which was originally incorporated in the year 1984. Before putting it on the path of growth, the name of the Company changed to Paul Merchants Limited, a name which became synonymous with Trust, Quality, Assurance and Integrity in the following years. The saga which started with few people getting together to offer services with a difference, ultimately unfolded into a large conglomerate having diversified interests in Forex, International Money Transfer, Tours, Travels, Holidays Packages and Air Ticketing over a period of time."
Royaloak Incorpo...,3.0,(140 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 15 more",21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ROYALOAK Furniture's is the leading organized distributor & retailer in India. Our vision is ambition for modernization, worldwide discovery to achieve higher quality standards, professionalism with principles. At ROYALOAK you can experience amazing international collection of stylish and aesthetic furniture for home, office and outdoor, imported from all around the globe mainly Malaysia, Indonesia, China, Vietnam, Srilanka, Thaiwan, Thailand, and Turkey at an incredible price range"
Yokohama Off-Hig...,3.8,(140 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 8 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Samsung Display,3.8,(140 Reviews),Private,"Yongin-si,Gyeonggi-Do + 2 more",4 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Manufacture of television and radio receivers, sound or video recording or reproducing apparatus, and associated goods"
Yellow Diamond,4.1,(140 Reviews),Public,"Indore,Madhya Pradesh + 32 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"YELLOW DIAMOND - EK NAMKEEN KATHA!
Desi Namkeen and an Indian palate are ageless companions, just like chips and dips, rings and fingers or good people and noble ventures.
This is a story of such a venture that brought versatility, a wide traditional and international variety, exceptional quality and above all, a ‘dildaar’ quantity of snacks to 1.2 million corners of India. The story of the brand- Yellow Diamond.

Ek Karari Shuruat- A desi idea in pardes!

In the early 90s, an idea struck an Indore-born, US student named Amit Kumat. The idea of pairing something papad-crunchy with a steaming plate of dal-rice…Chips!
His belief in the power and potential of snacks as a sunrise category firmed up then itself. A few years later, in 2004 entrepreneur, Amit Kumat along with Apurva Kumat and Arvind Mehta turned this idea into a home-grown snack offering, named Yellow Diamond.

Swaad zindagi, Swaad hi dharam!

To ensure our customers get nothing but the finest quality of products, we have 5 full-fledged manufacturing units across India; the biggest spreading over 8 acres in Indore.
These units not only boast of advanced technology but are also known for excellent processing & packaging which is done in a fully automatic environment, untouched by human hands. We continuously aspire to beat our own standards for which we have the right mix of human resources and operations management that ensure, you simply get the best always.

Chahe koi jaga, chahe koi mauka, khane-khilane me mare hum chauka!

With a turnover of 900 Cr. and distribution in 28 states, today, Yellow Diamond stands among the top snack manufacturing companies of India and continues to win the trust of customers across the globe. And why won’t we?
Akhir, “dildaar hain hum!”"
Godrej Infotech,3.9,(140 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Godrej Infotech Limited, a subsidiary of Godrej & Boyce Mfg. Co. Ltd, which is one of the holding companies within the USD 4.1 billion Godrej Group. This group started its journey in 1897 and through the years have diversified from High Tech Engineering to Consumer Products.

Godrej Infotech Ltd is a software services and consulting company headquartered in Mumbai, India. Formerly an IT division of Godrej & Boyce Mfg. Co. Ltd., which started operations in 1971, Godrej Infotech Ltd, commenced its operations as a separate corporate entity on April 1, 1999.

Godrej Infotech Ltd, embarked on the journey of Business Excellence using EFQM 2013 (formerly known as The European Excellence Model Foundation for Quality Management), which outlines the foundation of achieving sustainable excellence in any organization.

We are assessed at SEI-CMM Level 4, which means our quality processes are well-defined and professionally managed. We also have ISO 9001:2015 Quality Systems Certification for Analysis, Design, Coding, testing, Delivery and Maintenance of Commercial Application Software, ERP Consultancy and Facilities Management Services.

We place a high premium on our people, quality and business values. We develop our employees through continuous training and provide them with opportunities to work on state-of-art technologies.

We encourage our employees to develop their skills and to nurture the pursuit of professional excellence.

We draw our strength from the team of committed and customer oriented professionals. It is to this team that we owe our recognition for quality."
Allergan,4.1,(942 Reviews),Private,Dublin + 22 more,10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With colleagues and commercial operations located in approximately 100 countries, we are committed to working with physicians, healthcare providers and patients to deliver innovative treatments that help people around the world live longer, healthier lives.

Headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, we are a global pharmaceutical leader focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing branded pharmaceutical, device, biologic, surgical and regenerative medicine products for patients around the world.

We market a portfolio of leading brands and best-in-class products primarily focused on four key therapeutic areas: medical aesthetics, eye care, central nervous system and gastroenterology. As part of our approach to delivering innovation for better patient care, Allergan has built one of the broadest pharmaceutical and device research and development pipelines in the industry."
National Institu...,4.2,(352 Reviews),Public,New Delhi + 22 more,16 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"The National Institutes of Technology (NITs) (Hindi: राष्ट्रीय प्रौद्योगिकी संस्थान), are a group of premier public engineering institutes of India. On their inception decades ago, all NITs were referred as Regional Engineering Colleges (RECs) and were governed by their respective state governments. NITs were founded to promote regional diversity and multi-cultural understanding in India. Comprising thirty autonomous institutes, they are located in one each major state/territory of India. In 2007,the Indian government declared these schools as Institute of National Importance. NITs offer degree courses at bachelors, masters, and doctorate levels in various branches of engineering and technology. All NITs are autonomous which enables them to set up their own curriculum.

Admission to NITs was done by the erstwhile All India Engineering Entrance Examination, now replaced by Joint Entrance Examination Main (JEE Main) conducted across India."
BMW,4.0,(168 Reviews),Private,Munich + 29 more,107 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"With its three brands BMW, MINI and Rolls-Royce, the BMW Group is the world's leading premium manufacturer of automobiles and motorcycles and also provides premium financial and innovative mobility services. The economic success of the company is based on long-term thinking and responsible action, as well as ecological and social sustainability throughout the value chain - at local, national and international level: As a global company, the BMW Group operates 30 production and assembly facilities in 14 countries and has a global sales network in more than 140 countries. As of December 2018, the BMW Group had a workforce of 134,628 employees."
Shyplite,4.3,(161 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 1 more",8 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Shyplite is a 360° logistics automation & fulfillment platform enabling businesses to automate their logistics and increase shipping efficiency by providing a single-window platform integrated with multiple carriers. Trusted by 70,000+ sellers, we provide 30+ courier services, multiple marketplace & carts integrations, and 26000+ shipping pin codes PAN India with 220 countries served globally. You get the lowest shipping rates with zero monthly subscriptions, Early COD facility, & many more user-friendly & robust features on a single dashboard for all your shipping needs."
Pha India,3.7,(139 Reviews),Private,"Sriperumbudur,Tamil Nadu + 3 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We supply innovative products of high quality yet low cost to automotive makers of both domestic and international based on our cutting edge technological skill
» The company is formed in 1997 as joint venture between PHA, Korea & CSI, USA and constructed and started its plant operation in 1998 with a short span of 7 months.
» Year on Year expanding its customer base and covering most of the major OEMs in the country and world.
» In 2010 – 11 company is expanding its plant facilities with “Automated Press, Assembly and Welding Machines” to meet the high volume demands from our customers.
» In the 2011-12 Company has plan to set up world class “R & D Facilities” with certification from Department of Scientific & Industrial Research, New Delhi.
» Company has a well established “Design & Product Development Team” which had successfully designed and developed parts for FORD Global Supply from Germany.
PHA, which has been developing as a representative of the automotive moving part manufacturing industry since the establishment in October 1997, will put our utmost effort to advance even more as the best automotive door part manufacturing company also in the 21st century through constant research and development along with the production of individualized products.
Based on the management philosophy, “Respect Promises and Practice Promises”, PHA has secured world’s best technological skills and has set an ambitious goal of boldly applying our company’s products to the world’s prominent automotive makers. Moreover, we will make our best endeavors to form a harmless environment for the purpose of constructing future society of abundance."
Clifford Chance,4.0,(139 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 2 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are one of the world's pre-eminent law firms, with significant depth and range of resources across five continents.
As a single, fully integrated, global partnership, we pride ourselves on our approachable, collegial and team-based way of working. 

We always strive to exceed the expectations of our clients, which include corporates from all the commercial and industrial sectors, governments, regulators, trade bodies and not-for-profit organisations. We provide them with the highest-quality advice and legal insight, which combines the Firm's global standards with in-depth local expertise.

Last, but not least, we aim to be easy to work with, down to earth and approachable."
Emirates NBD,4.0,(139 Reviews),Public,"Dubai,Dubai + 8 more",60 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Emirates NBD, the leading Banking Group in the MENAT region, was formed on 19 June 1963, when H.H. Late Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum signed the Charter of Incorporation of the National Bank of Dubai (NBD) which became the first National Bank established in Dubai and the United Arab Emirates (UAE). With the blessings of H.H. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, NBD merged with Emirates Bank International (EBI) on 06 March 2007, to form Emirates NBD, the largest banking group in the region by assets. On 16 October 2007, the shares of Emirates NBD were officially listed on the Dubai Financial Market (DFM). The merger between EBI and NBD to create Emirates NBD, became a regional consolidation blueprint for the banking and finance sector as it combined the second and fourth largest banks in the UAE to form a banking champion capable of delivering enhanced value across Corporate, Retail, Islamic, Investment, and Private Banking, Global Markets & Treasury, Asset Management and Brokerage operations throughoutthe region"
Peel-works,4.1,(139 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 16 more",13 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Founded in 2010, Peel-Works has provided tech-based solutions and services to bridge gaps in the Indian retail space. 

Our two main businesses are - 1. 1Sf and 2. Taikee

1. 1Sf offers a comprehensive solution for performance management of indirect salesforce, delivered via a proprietary cloud-based platform that helps organizations with large indirect salesforce to sell more products in more places.

2. Taikee is an ISO-certified, B2B e-commerce platform of Peel-Works, enabling better lives for corner stores. The company has a direct tie-up with leading FMCG brands, making it convenient for traditional grocery retailers to source a wide assortment at low prices through a single app, instead of interacting with salesmen of multiple brands. Taikee solves inventory management, out of stock and working capital issues for retailers by assuring next day delivery, thus empowering them to offer their consumers a delightful shopping experience. The company is committed to providing tech-enabled solutions which aim to improve store sales and profitability for India's CornerStores."
Essae Digitronic...,4.1,(139 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 23 more",27 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Essae Digitronics Pvt. Ltd., an ISO 9001:2008 and ISO TS 16949:2009 certified company, comprises of FIVE divisions with three manufacturing facilities. Our business focus includes manufacturing and marketing of Truck Scales, Transient Weighing Products, Rapid Load-out Systems, Machined Components, Speedo Hub Drive for Automotive Sector."
Webtel Electroso...,4.2,(139 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 9 more",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),Webtel is highly appreciated for its Software and Knowledge Process Outsourcing and IT Enabled Services from Reputed Companies and Firms
Zamil Steel Buil...,4.0,(139 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 14 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Zamil Steel Buildings India Pvt. Ltd. has started its commercial production from their new factory in India since February 2008, which is located in Pune, Maharashtra, INDIA. The factory and head office are strategically located to reach our customers faster and provide better service."
Jade Global,4.2,(139 Reviews),Private,San Jose + 3 more,20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Jade Global provides enterprise business application implementations, integrations, software product engineering, Cloud services, technology advisory, testing, and managed services across diverse industries. We bring the right combination of process knowledge, product expertise, technical skills, project management and flexible delivery models to help you accelerate business agility and achieve digital transformation.With 900+ IT professionals worldwide, 1500+ technology projects and 350+ cloud certified professionals, Jade Global is your ideal IT Services Partner. Jade Global is an Oracle Platinum Cloud Select partner, Salesforce Silver Partner, ServiceNow Silver partner and Microsoft Gold partner. We have additional strategic partnerships with Zuora, Dell Boomi, NetSuite, and Tableau."
Livguard Energy ...,4.2,(139 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 32 more",9 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"With a remarkable vision and foresight for the growing energy solutions industry, today the brand boasts of an incredible legacy of 30 years. Powered by passion and fuelled by innovation, Livguard has established itself as a strong player in the energy solution space in India. With our offerings in automotive batteries, Inverters and Inverter Batteries, Stabilizers, Residential Solar Solutions, we are bringing in a new dimension of smart energy products."
Pacific India,3.4,(139 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 13 more,27 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"Driven by the zeal to make a mark in the commercial sector of the country, Pacific India a privately owned and operated group of companies is conducting endeavors and operations with a remarkable degree of dynamism since past 3 decades. The group is steadily emerging as the notable realty and infrastructure developer providing distinctive and specialized services in Real Estate, Hospitality and Education sector.

Adhering strictly to its corporate philosophy of trust, quality and commitment, Pacific India has established a credible position for itself in the highly competitive field of infrastructure development. The idea has always been to delight people of India by renovating their style of living by introducing the elements of ‘Art of Leisure’ through a series of mega projects in the country. The group’s esteemed client list widens the spectrum of its existence and market reputation in the industry."
Anchor Health an...,3.6,(139 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 28 more",31 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Our journey began in 1992, with the launch of a breakthrough product – India’s first vegetarian toothpaste. Pioneering the use of calcium phosphate, extracted from rock rather than bone ash, Anchor had developed a groundbreaking product that propelled it to becoming a major player in the toothpaste market. In 2005, we forayed into the personal care segment with the launch of Dyna beauty soap. A revolutionary quality product with 76% TFM, consumer acceptance soon followed. With its clear positioning and strong value offering, Dyna beauty soap became the youngest entrant into the league of the top five soap brands.

At Anchor, innovation in products and processes is always the first step in our pursuit of continued excellence. The most important thing for us, at Anchor, besides innovation and strong financial performance is being mindful of our consumers’ needs and becoming a trustworthy and caring partner.

Today, Anchor Health & Beauty Care Pvt. Ltd. offers a variety of superior quality toothpastes, toothbrushes and mouthwash in the oral care segment. Additions to the personal care portfolio along with the Dyna range, include products such as Anchor Health+ soaps, hand wash and hand sanitizer."
Institute of Lan...,4.3,(139 Reviews),Bengaluru + 5 more,22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Institute of Language Management is a Banglore based organization which focuses on developing the art of language skills of students, communicative skills, English knowledge using drama skills, creative writing skills, arts and crafts, and other recreational activities.

Started in the year 2001, today ILM has emerged as the PREMIER AND THE LARGEST ART OF LANGUAGE SKILLS, English knowledge and OTHER RECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES TRAINING Organization for students."
L. V. Prasad Eye...,4.5,(139 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 8 more",36 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in 1987, L V Prasad Eye Institute (LVPEI), a World Health Organization Collaborating Centre for Prevention of Blindness, is a comprehensive eye health facility. The Institute has ten active arms to its areas of operations: Clinical Services, Education, Research, Vision Rehabilitation, Rural and Community Eye Health, Eye Banking, Advocacy and Policy Planning, Capacity Building, Innovation and Product Development. LVPEI is managed by two not-for-profit entities - Hyderabad Eye Institute (HEI) and Hyderabad Eye Research Foundation (HERF)."
APM Terminals,4.6,(139 Reviews),Private,The Hague + 14 more,22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"APM Terminals operates one of the world’s most comprehensive port networks. We’re uniquely positioned to help both shipping line and landside customers grow their business and achieve better supply chain efficiency, flexibility and dependability.

Our team of 22,000 industry professionals is focused on delivering the operational excellence and solutions businesses require to reach their potential. We operate a network of 78 terminals  globally. This equates to handling around 250 vessel calls per day and 40 million TEUs per year.

Part of A.P.Moller-Maersk, we leverage more than a century of industry experience to design and build high-quality container terminals, and provide port and inland services for cargo handling and transportation between port facilities and inland locations. In 2018 we generated USD $4.13 billion in revenue."
Daelim Industria...,4.6,(139 Reviews),Private,Seoul + 12 more,84 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Incorporated in 1939, Daelim Industrial is a parent company of Daelim Group, which consists of 13 affiliates. As a leader in the construction and petrochemical sectors in Korea, we provide a wide variety of productsand services.

Since its first overseas project in Vietnam in 1966, the construction division successfully completed various construction,civil engineering, and plant projects in more than 40 countries worldwide. It has been recognized for its technical leadership and strong competitiveness in the global market.

Maintaining its leadership position in technical expertise and production capacity,
the petrochemical division provides a wide range of products from the development of basic petrochemical such as naphtha to the manufacturing of synthetic resins."
Signature Global,4.2,(139 Reviews),Private,New Jersey + 5 more,15 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Signature ensures that brands leave distinct marks. Specializing in telecommunications and home improvement marketing promotions, our professional team delivers precisely targeted solutions that meet each brand’s unique business goals. We analyze the business to determine the optimal approach for every brand we represent. By leveraging our sector expertise and dynamic approach, we create campaigns that drive business growth and gain new customers. 
	
We’ve become the go-to agency for many thriving brands, including Verizon and Inspire Energy. Our simple yet effective model allows us to act as a genuine partner to the companies we serve. We have the in-house knowledge and inventiveness to achieve success. Discover why our flexible strategy is right for your brand."
Property Solutio...,3.8,(139 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 13 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"PSIPL offers a comprehensive range of smart, innovative facilities management solutions that target cost effective, sustainable results at our clients’ facilities and workplaces. Our offerings include technical solutions, soft services solutions, pest management solutions, security management, business support solutions and specialised services solutions delivered across a variety of sectors and clients. At PSIPL, we combine a large pool of trained resources and incisive industry expertise to meet the requirements of our clients, who are from diverse business sectors."
Ultra Engineers,4.1,(139 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 1 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Since its inception in the year 1991, today we are a well established professional organization actively engaged in Manufacturing of precision and high quality Heavy Duty Metal Components used for specific application in Oil & Gas industries, Energy and Power Sector, Automobile and Heavy Engineering Projects. We cater to the demands of domestic as well as export markets.We offer services in heavy Machining, Fabrication (As per ASME & EN Specification), Heat Treatment, Sub-Assemblies & Special Process."
B S R & Co Llp,3.4,(139 Reviews),Mumbai + 16 more,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
BIC Contracting,4.5,(139 Reviews),Dubai + 10 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,"BIC Contracting (BICC) is one of the leading diversified international building and infrastructure contractors in the Middle East.

We employ more than 10,000 people, making us one of the largest construction companies in the region. Our strength is our ability to develop innovative, practical solutions for our clients.

BICC is 45% owned by CIMIC Group – a world-leading infrastructure, mining, services and public private partnerships group.

BICC has an extensive track record in large-scale building and infrastructure projects across the region. For almost 50 years we have built a strong and loyal client base across both the public and private sectors.

BIC Contracting is formerly known as HLG Contracting. The company was formed in 2007 and has an extensive track record in large-scale projects across the region, with Al Habtoor Engineering's expertise in building projects complementing CIMIC's expertise in civil infrastructure projects. For almost 50 years we have built a strong and loyal client base across both the public and private sectors."
DBG Technology,4.1,(139 Reviews),Huizhou + 5 more,28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"With over 100 of the latest SMT lines from Fuji, Siemens and Juki, and investing each year heavily in cutting edge technologies in robotics & big data, DBG has the ability to help you get your products introduced to the market quickly and at scale. Our innovative attitude, design and engineering expertise are the keys to product excellence that in turn results in loyalty from our customers.A leader in the Industry 4.0 revolution."
Government of An...,3.8,(138 Reviews),Public,Velagapudi + 44 more,70 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (Global),"The study of history reveals that major portion of the southern India (Dakshina Padham) was extended by Andhra region. Several dynasties ruled over this part of the country.

Historically the earliest mention of the Andhras appeared in the Aitareya Brahmana (B.C.800).It was called Dakshina Padh during those days. Historians felt that Andhras, Pulindas, Sabaras, and many other sects lived in Dakshina Padh. But it is only in the Mauryan age that one gets historical evidence of the Andhras as a political power in the southeastern Deccan.

Megasthenese,who visited the Court of Chandragupta Maurya (B.C.322–297), mentioned that Andhra country had 30 fortified towns and an army of 1,00,000 infantry, 2,000 cavalry and 1,000 elephants. Buddhist books reveal that Andhras established their kingdoms on the Godavari belt at that time. Asoka referred in his 13th rock edict that Andhras were his subordinates."
Xplore-Tech Serv...,3.1,(138 Reviews),Private,Kolkata + 5 more,19 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Xplore Tech Services Private Limited (A Fusion BPO group company) is a fast-growing business process outsourcing services and consulting provider with a global presence. Incorporated in the year 2004, with its headquarters located in Kolkata, India, and Draper, the USA, Xplore Tech has spread its BPO operations to multiple countries across the globe"
D'Decor Home Fab...,3.7,(138 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 16 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"D’Decor is the world’s largest maker of soft furnishing fabrics. Everyday our factories create over 120,000 sq mtrs of high quality fabrics for homes around the world. We are proud to be ‘globally local’, understanding the aesthetic sensibilities of every country that we touch. Founded in 1999, we are today the partners of choice for premier furniture and furnishing makers around the world. We are defined by our commitment to excellence and our passion to bring to life visions that meld expertise with art. Today, D’Décor has evolved beyond curtains and upholstery fabrics to provide a whole range of décor categories including bed & bath, blinds, wallpapers and rugs. In India, Brand D’Décor enjoys a leadership postion in its category, with a strong retail presence throughout the country with a wide network of multi-brand outlets, an ever increasing number of exclusive D'Decor stores and our e-commerce platform."
GKB RX Lens,4.1,(138 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 18 more",64 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Noted as one of the largest ophthalmic Rx lens manufacturers in Asia, Vision Rx Lab offers complete lens solutions ranging from traditional to digital Rx, hard and AR coatings, tinting, glazing and mounting. The internationally renowned company, a joint venture of GKB Rx Lens and Essilor, has been producing high quality organic and mineral Rx lenses for over 58 years. Vision Rx Lab has its headquarters in Kolkata. Its large infrastructural set-up comprises 14 manufacturing labs, including digital labs, and 21 service centres that are spread across India. The Group currently exports lenses to 50 countries in Africa, Europe, the Middle East, Asia and North America. Its overseas branch offices in Dubai and Canada strengthen its efficient management of exports catering to this large international market. Vision Rx Lab has tie-ups with world-renowned lens companies like Rodenstock, Serengeti, Transitions, Younger Optics, Optima, Vision Ease and Corning, among many others, to deliver innovative lens products and world-class optometric solutions."
Office Beacon,3.2,(138 Reviews),Private,California + 7 more,22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Office Beacon LLC is global outsourcing services and software provider to businesses big or small, in all industries. From call center services to pre-press graphics, accounting and much more, Office Beacon will help any business scale its operations. Office Beacon was founded in 2001 by one of North America's most successful entrepreneurs, Pranav Dalal. Nearly 20 years later, Office Beacon employees over 2,500+ service, technology, and design experts globally. Headquartered in Redondo Beach, California, Office Beacon has offices in India, Philippines, Australia and Canada."
Dayal Fertilizer...,4.2,(138 Reviews),Partnership,Meerut + 26 more,44 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Dayal Group is one of the leading agriculture groups in India. We are one of the leading producers and marketers of plant fertilizers and nutrients, animal feeds & supplements and seeds.Our partnership with the farming community is vital. Serving as an imperative link between farmers and consumers, we strive to improve the yield and productivity of the crops and hence help the farmer get better price for their produce. We facilitate this through collaboration and innovation, and are committed to sharing our global knowledge and experience to help meet economic, environmental and social challenges.Established in 1979, we are headquartered in Meerut, employing more than 1,000 people. Our extensive distribution facilities span across various states of India and abroad."
Applus Velosi,4.1,(138 Reviews),Private,Abu Dhabi + 14 more,41 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Applus+ Velosi is a member of the Applus+ group and is a worldwide leader in the testing, inspection and certification sector. We are a trusted partner, enhancing the quality and safety of our clients’ assets and infrastructure while safeguarding their operations. We deliver this through our technical capabilities, innovative approach, and motivated teams committed to operational excellence.

Applus+ Velosi comprises a large, global and multidisciplinary team of experienced and skilled professionals who are renowned for delivering technical excellence across a variety of sectors.

We offer a complete portfolio of services that address a range of needs, such as Asset Integrity, Health, Safety and Environment (HSE), Quality Assurance, statutory compliance-based inspections, Quality Control, and Engineering services to a number of leading national and multinational oil and gas companies.  

We place a strong emphasis on technological development and innovation, as well as having a clear understanding of regulatory requirements. At Applus+ Velosi, our focus never veers from integrity and ethics, independent assessments, customer satisfaction and safety at work.

Our approach provides solutions to companies trying to control operations remotely, in unfamiliar territories. 

You benefit from our local knowledge and experience. Our offices are conversant with the local customs, laws, and practices which allows us to help you achieve your goals more effectively.

Combine our global coverage and local knowledge with our wide range of services and you can be sure of a tailored solution to your problem. Our range of inter-related services and modular methodology ensures that both simple and complex projects can be accommodated."
Plasser India,4.0,(138 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 4 more",58 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Plasser India manufactures the most up-to-date high performance and highly sophisticated machines for track maintenance, track laying as well as track renewal.The machines for Indian Railways are tailor-made designs with special emphasis on applying the technology most appropriate for the local conditions.Production in India ensures a high indigenous content and by engaging a large number of Indian suppliers we are generating value and ensuring that “Make in India” is implemented in word and spirit. Machines and components are not only manufactured for the Indian market, also foreign Railway systems have already received high quality products from Plasser India."
Equinox Labs,4.1,(138 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",18 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Equinox Labs is India's Leading FSSAI Notified, NABL Accredited and ISO 9001 Certified Company, specialising in Testing and Compliance solutions.The company provides extensive services in Food, Water and Environment Testing, as well as Audits and FSSAI Compliance. Equinox has more than 150 auditors across 39 cities, PAN - India with a collection point range of 1,200+. Our reports are valid across 160+ countries, facilitating ease in Food Import - Export.The organisation has catered to more than 10,000 clients, positively impacting more than 300 million people and growing each day. Connect with us on info@equinoxlab.com or +91 22 6860 9300 for any questions, queries or quotes!"
Bill Forge,3.9,(138 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 5 more",38 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Bill Forge manufactures a variety of cold, warm, hot forged and machined components for the automotive and non-automotive sectors.

Since commencement of operations in 1985, Bill Forge has achieved several milestones and is today among the most technologically advanced manufacturer of forged & machined components. Being one of India’s emerging companies, it has manufacturing operations across 6 locations in India.

Bill Forge's customers include top automotive companies in the world, the list includes well respected OEM's and Tier 1 companies.

Backed by the company’s philosophy to be pro-active to its customers needs and continually improve all aspects of its business model, Bill Forge provides solutions to meet the stringent needs of industry today."
State Street Glo...,3.8,(138 Reviews),Private,"Boston,Massachusetts + 3 more",45 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"For four decades, State Street Global Advisors has served the world’s governments, institutions and financial advisors. With a rigorous, risk-aware approach built on research, analysis and market-tested experience, we buildfrom a breadth of active and index strategies to create cost-effective solutions. As stewards, we help portfolio companies see that what is fair for people and sustainable for the planet can deliver long-term performance. And, as pioneers in index, ETF, and ESG investing, we are always inventing new ways to invest. As a result, we have become the world’s third-largest asset manager with US $3.05 trillion* under our care.*This figure is presented as of June 30, 2020 and includes approximately $69.52 billion of assets with respect to SPDR products for which State Street Global Advisors Funds Distributors, LLC (SSGA FD) acts"
Enmas O & M Serv...,4.0,(138 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 16 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded more than 3 Decade ago in India, ENMAS has grown into a complete Asset Management Service Provider in India. Currently the company has over 1600 personnel on its roll, becoming one of the fastest growing Asset Management Service providers. The company has forayed into Providing Operation & Maintenance Services to various Industry segments. Though currently focussed onto Power and Power related industries, has been on way to expanding the services to other segments like Oil & Gas, Refining, Petro Chemical, Steel and Cement Industries. The company is establishing itself as a specialist in Industrial Asset Management that encompasses Consulting.

Training, Maintenance Engineering and Facility Management Services, With its proven Maintenance credentials to its credit, the COMPANY also has established strong Technical partnerships with leading national and international brands. ENMAS is well placed to provide Asset Management initiatives through ENMAS Asset Integrity Management Services (EAIMS), focussing on offering advanced Maintenance & Materials optimization services. The company serves a host industrial segments with an emphasis on its clients achieving high quality 360 Degree Asset Management benefits."
Kyndal India,3.9,(138 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 9 more,21 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A
Vidya Mandir Cla...,3.8,(138 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 33 more,34 years old,1-10 Employees (India),"Over the years, the name of Vidyamandir Classes (VMC) has become synonymous with success in IITJEE.Vidyamandir has over the years designed, delivered, perfected and innovated the art and science of teaching and guiding students for entrance exam for the IITs, which are recognized as the Premier Technology Institutions across the world.Our goal at Vidyamandir Classes (VMC) is to provide knowledge and guidance and thereby create an environment that not only guides students to the path of success, but also inspires them to recognize and explore their own potential. Vidyamandir Classes (VMC) is run by a group of Ex-IITians, who have over the years, guided thousands of IIT aspirants to fulfill their dream of getting into the prestigious IITs.The fact that more than 10,000 students appear every year for the VMC Test for the limited seats on offer is ample testimony to VMC's popularity and credence within the IITJEE aspirants' community.All Courses are based on the time tested teaching methodology which has been perfected by VMC and which has produced unmatched results in IITJEE consistently over the past 20 years."
Wishfin,3.7,(138 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 7 more",7 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Wishfin is India’s leading lending fintech marketplace with more than 36 million satisfied customers. Every month, more than 700,000 customers apply for financial products such as loans, credit cards, mutual funds, insurance etc. Wishfin works with more than 60 banks, financial institutions, Mutual funds, Insurance Companies and NBFCs and is the largest digital partner for most of them. Wishfin helps more than one million customers every month to check their credit score"
Acg Pam Pharma T...,4.2,(138 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 7 more",59 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"ACG is the world’s only integrated pharma manufacturing solutions company. Capsules + Films & Foils + Engineering + Inspection and Track & Trace systems, we do it all. Your global partners for end-to-end pharmaceutical solutions, no matter where you are.

ACG Worldwide has a presence in over 100 countries with its products and services, employing more than 3,200 members that strive to provide world-class technology across multiple domains. We offer a complete range of solutions beginning with empty capsules; granulation and tablet coating; capsule filling; tabletting; packaging films; blister packing and carton packing to the end-of-line solutions and track and trace systems. With over 20,000 machine installations worldwide, it speaks lengths of the high-quality standards we follow at ACG as well as complying with major international quality certifications or legislations."
Aspiro Pharma,3.9,(138 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka",11 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Aspiro Pharma is one of the fast growing pharmaceutical companies in India fully dedicated to research, development and manufacturing of Generic Parenteral Formulations. Established in 2012, Aspiro specializes in manufacturing Powder, Lyophilized and Liquid products in the form of injectables, ophthalmics, Pre-filled Syringes (PFS) and IV Bags that find therapeutic application in treating a wide range of ailments.

Backed by an impeccable track record, focused R&D, state-of-the-art manufacturing facility, qualified resources and ever-expanding portfolio of products, Aspiro Pharma continues its progress to evolve as one of the leading players in the segment."
Klaus IT Solutio...,3.8,(138 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 5 more",12 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Klaus IT was founded in the year 2011 in the Silicon City, Bengaluru, India with the vision to provide advanced IT Solutions to business houses. The company adopts high business values of transparency and integrity while carrying out its business. Klaus provides exemplary services through innovation, technical expertise and fair business practices.Klaus in German means ""Winner"" and as the name suggests, we are a winning team. The company has lived up to its name, ushering in value, reputation and prosperity all the way.Klaus, over these years has defined, designed and delivered technology & process enabled business solutions that helps its customers have an edge over others. With its focus on being a differentiator and the incessant zeal for expansion propelled Klaus to venture into Software Development and Testing, Staffing and Corporate Training, which created milestones along the way."
SYSTRA,3.9,(138 Reviews),Public,Paris + 28 more,66 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Our engineers and consultants are dedicated to helping people all over the world move freely so they can access education, leisure and employment.

Our expertise spans the entire spectrum of transportation. From metros, tramways, high speed and heavy rail to bridges, roads and aviation, we are focused on delivering positive outcomes that move the world forward.

We are committed to planning, designing and delivering safe, efficient, cost-effective transport solutions that enhance the passenger experience.
SYSTRA is present from the earliest phases of a transportation scheme, advising city authorities on strategy, policy and planning, through to design, project management, construction supervision, system integration, testing and commissioning, and asset management.In 60 years, the expertise of SYSTRA teams has gained the confidence of towns and regional authorities around the world, leveraging sustainability, reliability and safety to meet the challenges raised by mobility: access for all to education, employment and leisure activities, and energy transition."
Radnik Exports,4.4,(138 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 3 more",42 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We’ve been in the fashion business since the early 70s.Driven by a core team, we design and manufacture womens fashion for some of the best brands in the world.In the last 45 years, we have handled virtually every style and fabric, so when you talk to us, what you get is the benefit of decades of dealing with the world’s most innovative & successful brands.Our biggest reward is the strong and consistent bond we share with our customers, our work force and our community."
Hill Internation...,4.1,(138 Reviews),Public,"Philadelphia,Pennsylvania + 15 more",47 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"For more than four decades, public- and private-sector clients worldwide have selected Hill International (NYSE:HIL) as construction consultants on their most complex projects. With thousands of construction professionals around the world, Hill has the experience and the expertise to help our clients deliver their projects on time, within budget, and with the highest quality possible.Hill International provides program and project management, construction management, cost engineering and estimating, quality assurance, inspection, scheduling, risk management and claims avoidance to clients involved in major construction projects worldwide. Hill has participated in over 10,000 project assignments with a total construction value of more than $600 billion. Hill is ranked as the 8th largest construction management firm in the United States according to Engineering News-Record magazine.Hill employees are encouraged to join Hill's linkedin group: https://www.linkedin.com/groups/661617"
Fashion TV,4.3,(138 Reviews),Paris + 4 more,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
MAN Energy Solut...,3.9,(138 Reviews),Augsburg + 6 more,13 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"MAN Energy Solutions is the world’s leading provider of large-bore diesel and gas engines and turbomachinery. Our portfolio includes two-stroke and four-stroke engines for marine and stationary applications, turbochargers and propellers, as well as gas and steam turbines, compressors and chemical reactors. Our commitment to minimizing fuel consumption while meeting even the most advanced emission regulations plays a vital role in safeguarding the environment for future generations."
Interarch Buildi...,4.1,(138 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 18 more",39 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Interarch Building Products Pvt Ltd commenced its operations in 1984, and pioneered the high-end metal interior products market in India. Today, 30 years later, Interarch is a leading turnkey Pre- Engineered Steel Construction Solution provider in India with integrated facilities for design, manufacture, logistics, supply and project execution capabilities for pre- engineered steel buildings. The ...company was founded by 2 promoters jointly, Mr. Arvind Nanda & Mr. Gautam SuriInterarch has been the first mover in India, right from metal ceilings, to blinds, metal roofing to pre-engineered buildings. Interarch has a manufacturing capacity of more than 150000 MT per annum of steel building structures and over 40,000 MT per annum for its Tracdek Roof & Wall systems. Interarch has 3 manufacturing facilities located at Rudrapur and Kiccha in Uttarakhand, and Sriperembadur in Tamil Nadu."
Walsons Facility...,4.0,(138 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 22 more",27 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"What started in the year 1996 from a garage is today established as a trusted partner for essential business services of security & safety solutions, facility management, background verification and professional healthcare staffing. Brainchild of Mr. Arjun Wallia, the Walsons Group is an outcome of a long-term vision to build out an efficient platform with an aim to dominate the premium (ethical & compliant) segment of the essential services market through sustainable growth.Compelled by this vision and passion the Walsons Group started its journey.The group today takes pride in having the strength of more than 50,000 trained personnel that offers clients the best in class essential support services."
Ck Birla Hospita...,4.1,(342 Reviews),Private,Kolkata + 2 more,54 years old,201-500 Employees (Global),"CK Birla Hospital comprises three landmark identities, CMRI (The Calcutta Medical Research Institute), BMB (BM Birla Heart Research Centre) and its recent venture, RBH (Rukmani Birla Hospital).

It has set milestones in the healthcare industry for over four decades. The hospitals are intrinsically bound by three integrated philosophies — clinical excellence, ethical conduct and patient centricity. These operating philosophies have been pivotal in making the hospitals grow and serve people who are in need of quality healthcare.

The three units of CK Birla Hospitals, having established themselves in Kolkata and Jaipur, offer 800 plus beds with comprehensive outpatient and inpatient services. Working on a mission to provide quality healthcare for all, the hospitals so far have performed over 5.5 lakh successful surgeries, 1.9 lakh cath lab procedures and 22,000 critical cardiac surgeries. Supported by the latest technology and modern infrastructure, these hospitals continue to set new standards of cure and care."
Monsanto,4.7,(205 Reviews),Public,St. Louis + 28 more,122 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Monsanto is a global modern agriculture company. We develop products and tools to help farmers around the world grow crops while using energy, water, and land more efficiently. We believe innovation has the potential to bring humanity’s needs in balance with the resources of our planet."
Aditya Infotech,3.9,(137 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 31 more",29 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Aditya Infotech Ltd. (AIL) – the technology arm of Aditya Group, is a leading global player, delivering technology-driven security solutions with special expertise in Electronic Video Surveillance Products and Solutions. Aditya Infotech Limited has the unique distinction of securing more than a million locations across a wide spectrum of varied industries, government establishments, retail chains, educational institutions, financial institutions, public spaces and infrastructure projects."
PMT Machines,3.3,(137 Reviews),Private,Pune + 7 more,62 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"PMT Machines Limited is one of the largest machine tool manufacturing companies in India, successfully operating for more than 50 Years. PMT Machines Limited was started in 1961 as Traub India a subsidiary of Traub Germany, today it is one of the leading machine tool manufacturing company in India. Situated at Pimpri, Pune spread over a sprawling area of 47,346 sq meters. The company in the past had technical collaborations with various German and Swiss machine tool companies like Traub, Voumard, Fortuna, Mikrosa, Pittler to manufacture world class turning and Grinding machines in India.


PMT acquired ELB India at Halol, Gujrat to manufacture high precision surface grinding machines under its umbrella. PMT Machines has a rich experience of over five decades in manufacturing Precision Turning and Grinding machines renowned for their reliability, performance, flexibility and productivity."
Escorts Construc...,4.0,(137 Reviews),Public,"Faridabad,Haryana + 21 more",53 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Escorts Limited is one of India’s leading engineering conglomerates operating in the high growth sectors of agri-machinery, construction & material handling equipment, railway equipment and auto components. With over 1 million tractors in the fields in India, 16,000 construction and material handling equipment and 5 million auto-components manufactured till date, Escorts is leveraging its engineering expertise and positioning as a change agent in the agriculture, construction equipment and automotive sectors."
Central Tool Roo...,3.7,(137 Reviews),Public,"Bhubaneswar,Odisha + 7 more",47 years old,51-200 Employees (India),ONE STOP SOLUTION FOR ALL MANUFACTURING NEEDS
Lapiz Digital Se...,3.2,(137 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 2 more",24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Lapiz is part of a technology-driven industrial group founded in 1999, with U.S. Healthcare Business Processing Services, Publishing, and eLearning as their core businesses.Lapiz is a wholly owned division of Ultramarine & Pigments Ltd, and is certified for Quality Management System (ISO 9001:2015), Information Security Management Systems (ISO 27001:2013), is SSAE Type II Certified, and is HIPAA compliant. Lapiz is a growing, profitable, zero-debt, and financially strong organization with robust Disaster Recovery Management and Business Continuity plans. Our delivery platform leverages a business model that is executed from three operational centers, which are located in Chennai and Ranipet, India. In addition, Lapiz proudly employs more than 1000 highly qualified individuals.Lapiz partners with our clients to discover new and cutting-edge opportunities in a rapidly evolving environment. We are intensly focused on positively impacting customer ROI, margin growth, cost reduction, and have a proven track record of success. Lapiz has partnered with industry-leading providers, hospitals, and publishers for more than a decade and has evolved to become an exclusive client-branded"
Everest Spices,4.0,(137 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 26 more",42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The word 'Spice' wafts up images of elaborate feasts, exotic aromas, festive recipes, tempting garnishes; in other words spice is all things nice in life. However, those in the business know there can be few more challenging avenues than spices that one could walk into. Looking for consistent quality is a tall demand but then again, quality is not an option. For Everest, the pioneering company in spices, quality is the essence. But Everest Masala is not just about 'spices' because to spice up anything in life requires passion and that is what makes brand Everest as the number 1 spice brand in the country today.

The aim of Everest has always been helping every mother feel empowered to get the perfect taste in food and win her appreciation for the same. In other words, it's a friend of every mother to give her that ultimate satisfaction of the family loving and enjoying her food. That's, in a nutshell, is the essence of Everest Masala...jo khane ko banaye Maa ke haath ka khana or in other words...which makes food the way mom made it. Everest is India's No. 1 spice brand as per A.C.Nielsen (Independent Research Agency). We offer a wide range of 45 variety of spices (whole spices and blends) with fifty-two years of dedication to maintain the same standards of purity, freshness, and authenticity in every pack, getting their aroma and flavor, consistently right. Everest’s great taste of purity is backed up with research, innovation, and technology. The success lies in reaching the heart of India’s culinary world with its spices and perfect blends.

To deliver the freshest, just-out-of-the-factory spices, Everest has developed a highly efficient C&F agent-distributor-retailer-consumer distribution model to make these spices readily available in the shortest possible time across the country. Everest has melted borders reaching homes of all non-resident Indians and Indian kitchens of all restaurants in more than 58 countries. Today, this success is reflected in the inauguration of our new state-of-the-art factory, which can be tagged as “The World’s largest Spice factory” at Umbergaon, Gujarat. The success of Everest has reaped several rewards. It has been the proud recipient of the Superbrand status five times in succession – 2003, 2006, 2009, 2012 and 2015; it has also won the Consumer Reaction award instituted by the Bharti Vidyapeeth Institute of Management Studies and Research and DNA twice in both 2004 and 2005."
I P Integrated S...,4.5,(137 Reviews),Private,Gurgram + 32 more,12 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"I P Integrated Services Pvt. Ltd. (IP) [ CIN: U63040HR2011PTC065810 ] is a joint venture between ITOCHU Group-Japan & Parekh Integrated Services Pvt. Ltd (PISPL)-India. Being a leading provider of innovative and integrated supply chain services, the JVC has brought in Japanese precision, in depth industry know how and pan India presence and exposure together on table for the global & regional companies operating or entering India. We provide one-stop shop logistic services to our customers.

ITOCHU group is a 150 year old Japanese MNC with 630 + group companies in 80 countries & having business verticals in logistics, domestic trading, import/export, and overseas trading of various products such as textile, information and communications technology, machinery, energy, metals, minerals, chemicals, forest products, general merchandise, food, construction, realty, finance and insurance, as well as business investment in Japan and overseas.

PISPL is one of the leading 3PL providers in India operating as Distributors, Consignment Sales Agents and C&F Agents since 1981. It has warehousing presence in 50 plus cities with over 200+ warehousing locations, spread across India. Core business portfolio of PISPL is 3PL LSP mainly dealing with FMCG, Pharmaceutical Products & Machines/devices, Paints/Chemicals, Seeds, Fertilizers, International Trade commodity distributions etc. for number of overseas clients with their operations in India."
Dr Mohan's Diabe...,4.0,(137 Reviews),Proprietorship,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 26 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Dr.Mohan’s Diabetes Speciality Centre has emerged as one of the top diabetes hospitals in India with more than 29 successful years of experience in the diabetic care service and research. Over the years, Dr Mohan’s Speciality has expanded our service in many places that include the Diabetes Centres in Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kolkata and many other cities across the country. There are about 53 diabetes centres spread across 32 cities in India that offer excellent preventive and diagnostic diabetes care. With personalised treatment and centres equipped with the latest facilities, Dr.Mohan’s is definitely one of the top diabetes hospitals in the country.

Dr. Mohan's Diabetes Specialities Center is a top diabetes hospital, and has been ranked the best and No1 Diabetes Clinic in India by surveys conducted by ‘The Times of India (i3rc)’ and ‘The Week’, 6 times in a row. Specialising in evidence-based treatment grounded on the 40+ years of research experience of the Founder-Chairman, Dr. V Mohan and Dr V Anjana Mohan, individualize every patient’s treatment based on their genetic make up, their sugar control abilities and food habits. Their dedication to the patients’ long and healthy life is shown in the fact that more than 375 of their long-term patients have crossed 90 years without succumbing to the complications of diabetes."
Precision Camsha...,2.9,(137 Reviews),Public,"Solapur,Maharashtra + 1 more",31 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Precision Camshafts Limited (PCL) is one of the largest camshaft manufacturers in the world. PCL supplies camshafts to major OEMs around the world and is one of the one suppliers to manufacture all types of camshafts under one roof - Chilled cast iron, Ductile Iron, Hybrid Camshafts and Assembled Camshafts. PCL is located in Solapur, India where it has 4 foundries and 4 machine shops. PCL also has a manufacturing footprint in China since 2012 and will be setting up a machine shop in Brazil in the near future."
Jyoti Structures,3.7,(137 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 24 more,49 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Jyoti Structures Ltd. (JSL) is a provider of diverse turnkey solutions for High Voltage Power Transmission Lines, Substations and Distribution Lines. The company offers a wide range of services including design, engineering consulting, tower testing, manufacturing, construction and project management. Its project management services comprise installation of high voltage underground cables and optical fiber ground wire networks.

JSL has more than three decades of proven experience and has customers in more than 45 countries. JSL is one among very few companies worldwide, which possess the capabilities to execute total turnkey EPC projects covering the entire gamut of Power Transmission business (EHV Transmission Lines, EHV Substations and Distribution Projects). JSL's operations are ISO 9001:2008, ISO 14001:2004 and OHSAS 18001:2007 certified."
Shivani Locks,3.6,(137 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 5 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SHIVANI LOCKS PVT LTD is an established name in the manufacturing of Automotive locking systems and commands a significant share in domestic distribution.Incepted in the year 1988 when global markets were opening their doors for India, the company has commendably contributed to the development factor. An Associate Company of VENUS GROUP, Shivani has four manufacturing units spread across a wide area - Three situated in Faridabad at the outskirts of New Delhi, and the fourth manufacturing unit at Rudarpur in Uttrakhand.A registered ISO/TS 16949:2009 and ISO 14001 Organization, Shivani Locks is implementing a concerted approach towards practicing globally accepted manufacturing policies and procedures. The establishment is propelled to growth by its strong manpower comprising of a visionary management and skilled personnel armed with detailed technical know-how."
Sir Hn Reliance ...,4.2,(137 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 3 more",98 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sir H. N. Reliance Foundation Hospital and Research Centre is a 345-bed, multi-Speciality tertiary care hospital with following thrust areas: Cardiac Sciences, Gastroenterology & Hepatobiliary Sciences, Liver Transplant, Nephro-Urology, Neuro Sciences, Oncology, Orthopaedics & Spine, and Woman & Child Health. The Hospital has a Medical Mall with progressive diagnostic services, including Laboratories, Radiology & Imaging, and Nuclear Medicine.

This is a technologically-advanced institution designed to international standards and the most stringent criteria in infrastructure, medical care, fire-safety norms, and environmental guidelines. This is because every element that comprises The Hospital’s making, from the premises, to the processes, to its professionals, contributes to the overriding principle: Respect for Life.From its foundation in 1918, Sir Hurkisondas Nurrotumdas Hospital and Research Centre was at the forefront of cutting-edge technology. Many noted freedom fighters, politicians, philanthropists and doctors patronised the hospital, including Mahatma Gandhi, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, and Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Narayan.

Sir H. N. Reliance Foundation Hospital and Research Centre carries forward Sir Hurkisondas’ legacy of excellence in care and service to all. The Hospital’s values define the delivery of this commitment, realised through action and constant application."
Mytrah Energy,4.0,(137 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 10 more",14 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Mytrah Energy (India) Private Limited is one of India’s leading renewable Independent Power Producers and a pioneer in this space. The Company has over 40 operational and under-development power projects across 9 Indian states (Punjab, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu) with an aggregate capacity of 2000MW. Mytrah has pioneered the adoption of technology across the entire renewable power development and generation value chain, be it by building the country’s largest wind data bank using over 200 wind mast locations pan-India, or by driving efficient management of power assets through its state-of-the-art Generation Management Centre. As India’s Smart Utility, Mytrah leverages its robust end-to-end capabilities ranging from site selection to financing, procurement, project execution and asset management, to efficiently generate clean power from its portfolio of renewable power assets."
Olympus,4.0,(137 Reviews),Private,"Tokyo,Tokyo-to + 15 more",13 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Olympus Medical Systems India Private Limited commenced its business operation in Indian market on April 1, 2010. Olympus Medical Systems India is a wholly owned subsidiary of Olympus Corporation Asia Pacific Limited. Taking a plunge into the Indian market, team at Olympus wants to be the most respected reliable and chosen brand in healthcare domain.Olympus established its direct presence to build a very strong marketing and service facilities. With better and innovative technology, Olympus looks forward to grow its foothold into the market with the growth in Indian Economy"
Galore Networks,2.7,(137 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 31 more",18 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"We aim to create, design, develop and maintain the best web sites using web standards and the latest technology. Galore is a website management company."
Monster,3.6,(137 Reviews),Private,New York + 11 more,24 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Monster is a global online employment solution for people seeking jobs and the employers who need great people. We've been doing this for more than 20 years, and have expanded from our roots as a ""job board"" to a global provider of a full array of job seeking, career management, recruitment and talent management products and services.

At the heart of our success and our future is innovation: We are changing the way people think about work, and we're helping them actively improve their lives and their workforce performance with new technology, tools and practices."
Massive Restaura...,4.2,(137 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 11 more",11 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Regarded as ‘the Prince of Indian cuisine’, Zorawar Kalra, after the successful exit from his maiden venture credited with introducing one of the most awarded regional cuisine restaurant concepts in India, launched Massive Restaurants Pvt. Ltd. in December 2012. Massive Restaurants, spearheaded by Mr. Kalra and mentored by his illustrious father & Czar of Indian Cuisine – Jiggs Kalra, was established with an aim to develop India’s premier brands of restaurants that specialize in targeting all segments of the market, while showcasing the evolution of Indian cuisine and putting Indian food on the global palate permanently. The Company currently operates under critically acclaimed, multi award winning brand verticals of premium Fine-Dining Restaurants with the signature Masala Library by Jiggs Kalra, the Smart-Casual Dining Restaurants with the brand Made in Punjab, the modern Indian bistro concept Farzi Café and modern pan-Asian bistro concept Pa Pa Ya, cuisine agnostic modern ‘freestyle’ bar & kitchen – KODE, high energy dining concept – MasalaBar, offering a cutting edge, post-modern & stylish bar, for an immersive dining experience; and unlimited grill and brewery concept – BBQ’D. Massive Restaurants raises the bar a not­ch higher with the launch of its brand new Modern Thai Bar & Grill concept BO-TAI. With each new concept and new outlet we move one step closer to our vision and continue to revolutionize Indian food and night life."
Aditya Birla Mem...,4.0,(137 Reviews),Private,Pune + 3 more,20 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital is a homage and tribute to late Shri Aditya Vikram Birla.
He had envisioned a world-class hospital in India. His vision has taken shape in the form of a medicity sprawled over 16 acres of land.
This medicity is a super specialty healthcare facility to cater to the needs of all sections of society. The hospital’s mission: Compassionate Quality Healthcare.Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital is a multi-speciality tertiary hospital located at Pimpri-Chinchwad, Pune in the western Indian state of Maharashtra. It is Maharashtra’s First Joint Commission International (JCI) and National Accreditations Board for Hospital (NABH)accredited hospital, and also India’s First HACCP and ISO: 22000:2005 certified hospital.
Spread across 16 acres, Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital has 500 Beds, 152 ICU Beds, 13 Operation Theaters and a flat panel Cath Lab. The hospital employs the finest talent in the medical industry as full time consultants using ultramodern medical technology to provide high quality cost-effective medical services. It lays special emphasis on preventive caretowards which is hosts a complete Wellness Assessment Center under one roof. Operating in a paperless and filmless environment, the hospital is committed to maintain the highest standards of healthcare at an affordable cost.
The hospital’s sophisticated Medical Emergency Center is equipped with 10 beds – 4 red zone, 6 yellow – fortified with most advanced life-saving facilities such as cardiac, trauma, pediatric bays,a special room for infectious diseases, and mini operation theatres within the department to manage all major life saving procedures.The Mother & Child unit is has modern neonatal intensive care and pediatric surgical care facilities. It is equipped with four independent and fully furnished labor suites connected to a dedicated Gynaec operation theatre where patients receive individual pre and post pregnancy care. Its experienced gynecologists are trained to detect cancer in the OPD itself, offering Gyne-Oncology and Urogynecology services for highly specialized care to patients with cancer and urinary problems. The Mother & Child unit also provides Assisted Reproductive Technologies (ART) services, offering In Vitro Fertilization (IVF), Intracytoplasmic Sperm Injection (ICSI) and Intrauterine Insemination (IUI) in a separate test tube baby clinic."
Stelmec,3.3,(137 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 16 more",39 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"For more than Two Decades STELMEC has been a name synonymous with Electrical Power Products in India and has been a trusted partner to various State Owned Power Utilities as well as Private Power Utilities in India.We are driven by Continuous Innovation and have invested substantial amount of resources in Research & Development. Our Engineers groomed in an environment of Innovation & Research have been successful in indigenously developing products that have delivered exceptional operational performance in diverse climatic conditions of India.In addition to our existing Power Product range, we have strengthened our presence in the Power Sector by foraying into two more verticals viz. ENGINEERING PROCUREMENT CONSTRUCTION (EPC) SERVICES and in SMART GRID & POWER IT SOLUTIONS (PROJECTS IN AMI/ AMR & SCADA).Having a Corporate Office at Bandra, Mumbai, we have strength of 650+ employees located at three Strategic Business Units, One in Ahmedabad (Gujarat) and Two on the outskirts of Mumbai (Maharashtra) and a PAN INDIA Marketing and Customer Care Centres."
Porteck India In...,4.3,(137 Reviews),Private,"Jericho,New York + 3 more",21 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Founded in 2002, Porteck is a New York based Revenue Cycle Management (RCM) company for healthcare providers. Providing innovative technology solutions combined with the dedication and professionalism of our 650 team employees makes Porteck a leader in healthcare RCM and claims processing.

Our innovative RCM system is designed to maximize revenue while reducing operating expenses and creating an efficient workflow. Our ability to produce software customized for your needs or to integrate our solutions with existing systems is what places Porteck above the competition."
Ameex Technologi...,3.8,(137 Reviews),Private,"Schaumburg,Illinois + 2 more",16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Ameex Technologies is a digital transformation and delivery partner helping clients ideate, design, build and deploy next generation, deeply integrated digital technology solutions. We bring together content, commerce, and technology to deliver an omnichannel experience to our clients. Our industry knowledge combined with our deep expertise in leveraging standardized processes, automation, data-driven analytics, and artificial intelligence/machine learning allows us to deliver a personalized experience across different platforms. Our flexible and cost-effective engagement models (project, FTE or outcome-driven) are bound to deliver high quality, highly scalable and on-time solutions that accelerate growth in the dynamically changing business environment."
Avantor,4.0,(137 Reviews),Public,"Radnor Township,Pennsylvania + 17 more",119 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Dare to go further in your career. Join our global team whose passion for discovery and determination to overcome challenges relentlessly advances life-changing science. Whether you are engaged in laboratory operations, or at one of our office, distribution or manufacturing sites – at Avantor, you are essential as we move science forward.

Impactful work: Our products and services have a profound impact on people’s lives, and so will your contributions.

Multiple possibilities: Avantor is a place of opportunity where you will learn new skills and own your career from day one.

A culture of respect and collaboration: You will work with innovators who drive change, strive for excellence, and will encourage you to do the same. 

Generous benefits and perks: From offering a competitive and equitable compensation program, including a pay-for-performance culture, our priority is to offer our associates everything they need to be happy, healthy and successful."
Paladion Network...,3.9,(137 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 4 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Paladion is a global cyber defense company that provides Managed Detection and Response Services, DevOps Security, Cyber Forensics, Incident Response, and more by tightly bundling its semi-autonomous cyber security platform and managed services with leading security technologies. Paladion is consistently rated and recognized by analyst firms such as Gartner, Forrester, and IDC, and awarded by CRN, Asian Banker, Red Herring, amongst others."
Ciron Drugs & Ph...,3.4,(137 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",33 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Ciron is reputed WHO GMP  and ISO 9001:2008 Company manufacturing pharmaceutical formulations in form of injectables, eye drops, tablets, capsules, liquid orals, dry syrups, etc. we are based in mumbai and have plants  in mumbai region at tarapur and palghar.Ciron has new feather in cap. Ciron has new facility in tarapur for sterile dosage forms in ampoules, vials, lyophillised form and eye / ear/ nasal drops. It is state of art plant with all modern amenities and built as per requirements of regulated markets like USFDA, MHRA, PICs, TGA, MCC and various others."
New Allenberry W...,3.7,(137 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 6 more",52 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"NAW is an integrated supplier of custom gearing and power transmission products including internal and external precision Spur and Helical gears, spline gears and Shafts, St Bevel gears and sub assemblies containing gear parts primarily.Over the years, NAW has been creating State-of-the-art facilities, world-class capabilities and production capacities in line with growing market trends. Being one of the few gear manufacturers in the country which has got all the gear manufacturing facilities on a single location , our facilities are comparable to the best in the industry.Strong capability in design and engineering, a robust infra-structure with complete in house gear manufacturing facilities coupled with full-fledged testing and validation infra-structure, NAW is all capable of giving best services to the customers."
SMC,3.8,(334 Reviews),Private,"Noblesville,Indiana + 26 more",35 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"SMC Ltd. offers global solutions, contract manufacturing and molding services for the medical device, orthopedic, cardiovascular, and pharmaceutical industries. Services include design, engineering, thermoplastic molding including insert, two-shot and micro, liquid silicone injection molding (LIM) and complete device assembly. Project integration, supply chain management, validation, packaging and labeling, and sterilization responsibility are systematically controlled. Facilities offer ISO 13485, quality systems, white room, class 7 and 8 clean rooms."
Li & Fung,4.2,(177 Reviews),Private,Kowloon + 8 more,117 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"As new technologies disrupt the way consumers and businesses interact, Li & Fung is reimagining and creating supply chains for the future.  Through our innovative products and end-to-end supply chain solutions, we aim to expand the realm of what’s possible and create more value for more players along the supply chain. With our entrepreneurial spirit, we are using digital technologies to speed collaboration, drive innovation and enhance sustainability.  We are dedicated to changing how the world works, and making life better for people everywhere."
The Pride Hotel,4.3,(177 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 17 more",48 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Pride Group of Hotels owes its genesis and successful growth to Mr. S. P. Jain—A young Chartered Accountant from a remote town in Madhya Pradesh who arrived in Mumbai in the year 1975 with a vision, ambition and determination to make it big. He ventured by starting a Management Consultancy Firm, S. P. Capital Financing and later diversified into construction. Mr. Jain steered his conglomerate into the Hospitality Sector, after carrying out a thorough study in the year 1988 by inaugurating the group's first hotel in Pune, Maharashtra. Within a short span of time the Pride Group positioned itself as an eminently successful chain with fully-owned Five Star Luxury Hotels making their mark in Nagpur, Ahmedabad, Chennai and Bangalore, operating under the Brand ""The Pride Hotel"". Kolkata, is the latest additions to their list of 5 star luxury hotels across India. The Pride Group of Hotels have also launched another Five Star Business Hotel in Gurgaon located near the Delhi Airport at Sector 29. The Pride Group is currently undertaking a massive expansion plan with an objective to emerge as a National Hotel Chain, with a presence in almost all regions of the country, offering world class hospitality standards, combined with excellent ambience and quality service."
Western Digital,3.7,(144 Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 6 more",53 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),Western Digital has long been at the forefront of game changing innovations. From the invention of the first hard drive to recent advancements in 3D NAND our journey of innovation continues to inspire those who dare to think big about the possibilities of data.
Oxford Universit...,3.5,(136 Reviews),Private,"Oxford,Oxfordshire + 24 more",545 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Oxford University Press was established in the earliest days of printing and throughout our 500-year history we have always been home to the inquisitive, the passionate, and the ambitious. We welcome new ideas and fresh thinking, and offer the opportunity for individuals and teams to make their mark.We are constantly exploring innovations in the development and delivery of world-class content, and engage with academics and educators around the world to find new and better ways to make information accessible. With a presence in more than 50 countries and millions of customers around the world, an idea launched at OUP can have global impact."
Systopic Laborat...,4.7,(136 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 37 more",41 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Systopic strives to be a pharmaceutical company committed to respecting the dignity of life by providing quality innovative therapeutic solutions to alleviate the suffering of those afflicted with disease. Pioneering SpiritEver since the foundation, Excellence Through People and Innovation has been the guiding principle and spirit that has made Systopic a name to reckon within the pharma industry."
Pramati Technolo...,4.5,(136 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 2 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We set out in 1998 on the path to create innovative products from India for global markets. Along the way, we adopted a unique corporate incubation strategy, one that has facilitated a differentiated model for Pramati, to remain agile, and increase our chances of success. Pramati builds independent companies focused on profitable, well-defined markets in social, mobile, and cloud computing technologies. Among its companies are SocialTwist (www.socialtwist.com), a customer acquisition and retention platform, and Imaginea (www.imaginea.com), a software product and services company. Pramati companies serve large customers like Morgan Stanley, ICICI Bank, Visa, Kimberly-Clark, Sara-Lee, Liquidation.com, and others. Pramati has operations at Mountain View, CA, Hyderabad, Chennai and Bengaluru in India. For more information on Pramati visit the company website at www.pramati.com."
Aegis Logistics,3.6,(136 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 19 more",67 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aegis Group plays a key role in India’s downstream oil and gas sector, and its flagship company, Aegis Logistics Limited, is India’s leading oil, gas, and chemical logistics company. Our vision is to be the industry leader in our business segments by delivering superior customer service with a focus on quality, safety, and environmental standards.

The Group has five distinct but related business segments, and operates a network of bulk liquid handling terminals, liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) terminals, filling plants, pipelines, and gas stations to deliver products and services. Our client base includes many leading industrial companies in India as well as individual retail customers whom we serve at our Aegis Autogas stations.

Aegis Group also operates internationally through its sourcing and trading subsidiaries located in Singapore.

Aegis Logistics Ltd. was incorporated in 1956 and its shares have been listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange since 1978. Its shares also trade on the National Stock Exchange."
Bharti Foundatio...,4.2,(136 Reviews),Partnership,Gurugram + 25 more,23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Having completed 14 years of operations in 2014, if we reflect on the nature of programs of Bharti Foundation, we see them evolving in scale, depth as well as its approach.Starting as a grant-making organization for the initial few years, Bharti Foundation decided to implement its own program, retaining education as its key focus,and emerge as one of the best charities in India. It was then that the Satya Bharti School Program was launched in Punjab as the first state. These were the Greenfield Schools which were built, managed and operated by Bharti Foundation on land provided by Panchayats or community members. Currently, of the 254 schools, 200 are Greenfield Schools initiated with primary classes.Starting as a grant-making organization for the initial few years, Bharti Foundation decided to implement its own program, retaining education as its key focus. It was then that the Satya Bharti School Program was launched in Punjab as the first state. These were the Greenfield Schools which were built, managed and operated by Bharti Foundation on land provided by Panchayats or community members. Currently, of the 254 schools, 200 are Greenfield Schools initiated with primary classes, placing Bharti charity program among the biggest CSRs in the country."
Oxford Universit...,3.5,(136 Reviews),Private,"Oxford,Oxfordshire + 24 more",545 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Oxford University Press was established in the earliest days of printing and throughout our 500-year history we have always been home to the inquisitive, the passionate, and the ambitious. We welcome new ideas and fresh thinking, and offer the opportunity for individuals and teams to make their mark.We are constantly exploring innovations in the development and delivery of world-class content, and engage with academics and educators around the world to find new and better ways to make information accessible. With a presence in more than 50 countries and millions of customers around the world, an idea launched at OUP can have global impact."
Universal Corpor...,3.7,(136 Reviews),Private,"Kikuyu,Nairobi + 28 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Universal Corporation Ltd was founded in 1999 with an intent to create a national availability model for high-end international brands that did not have a presence in India. We began by partnering with major global giants like Procter & Gamble, Philips, Kraft, Cadbury’s and Mars to introduce iconic brands like Pampers, Olay, Gillette Fusion, Duracell, Wella & Philips Avent to the Indian market."
Ofbusiness,3.2,(136 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 21 more,8 years old,201-500 Employees (India),OfBusiness is a technology-driven SME financing platform that adds value to SME’s business beyond financing through its raw material fulfilment engine and new opportunities platform.
RAKS Pharma,4.0,(136 Reviews),Private,"Visakhapatnam/Vizag,Andhra Pradesh + 5 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We at Raks are dedicated to develop and manufacture active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates. We are committed to create value through intellectual property, quality systems and customer relation across the globe. We are research driven company providing cost effective and environmental friendly technologies with safety and quality as primary focus.M/s. RAKS Pharma was conceptualized to become a significant API player so as to manufacture & supply APIs & Drugs Intermediate to Regulated & Non-Regulated Market from its present manufacturing site in Visakhapatnam (Andhra Pradesh), and upcoming unit in Dahej (Gujarat) India.Raks is an interesting blend of consistency in maintaining both quality standard and growth in terms of addition of new products to its existing list of API's and intermediates. To realize this goal it has a team of experienced, dedicated and highly motivated professionals in all fields of the business."
Nayati Hospital,3.0,(136 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 7 more",11 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NAYATI HEALTHCARE began its journey in 2012 from the pious grounds of Badrinath with four Mobile Medical Units (MMUs) and a team of 36 paramedics and doctors. Working across these regions, within a short span of time Nayati came face to face with certain grim realities in healthcare that were metro-centric. Nayati believes good healthcare should be sans boundaries and seamless across the country and the world. Therefore, the organisation decided to embark on a revolutionary journey of taking tertiary-level, world-class treatment across tier 2 and tier 3 cities that were long neglected.

Nayati Healthcare is India’s fastest-growing hospital chain providing comprehensive, world-class healthcare services. Within a few years, it has grown into a 1,200-bed chain… and still counting – with hospitals in strategic locations across North India. 

Established with the aim of taking treatment closer to people, the Group is committed to providing transparent, competitive, accessible, affordable, and accountable healthcare services to all – at par with global standards. Nayati is proud to claim clinical expertise with the highest benchmarks among the best healthcare institutions globally."
Indo Nissin Food...,4.2,(136 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 26 more",65 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"In 1958, Momofuku Ando, the founder of Nissin Foods, invented instant noodles as a quality, convenient food product that is ready to eat just by adding some hot water. It was an invention motivated by his intense desire to help feed the masses suffering from the food shortages in the period after World War II."
Axis Sales,4.1,(136 Reviews),Pune + 56 more,17 years old,11-50 Employees (India),N/A,"A wholly owned subsidiary of one of India’s largest Private Bank, presently engaged in the marketing of financial products of Axis Bank, such as credit cards, retail loans(comprising Home Loans, Loan Against Property, Auto Loans & Personal Loans), EDCs, online shares trading accounts and schematic loans of SMEs."
Indo Amines,3.6,(136 Reviews),Public,"Thane,Maharashtra + 4 more",44 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are one of the India's Largest Independent manufacturers of Fine, Specialty & Performance Chemicals providing a comprehensive package of products & technical services for Indian & Global markets. Our aims is to enrich the product lines by providing unique specialty chemicals of high quality to enhance production and give maximum cost benefit to Buyers."
Hyva,3.5,(136 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 12 more",44 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Hyva is one of the world’s leading providers of innovative and highly efficient transport solutions for the commercial vehicle and environmental service industries. 

With over 20,000 customers and more than 40% global market share in front-end tipping cylinders, Hyva’s solutions move the world. Today, after being in operation for more than 40 years, Hyva is present in 110+ countries, has more than 30 fully owned subsidiaries, and has reached extraordinary service coverage and a manufacturing base that includes 12 production facilities across China, India, Brazil, and Europe.

The growth and success of Hyva are built on two key aspects of its operation: the quality and innovative nature of the company’s solutions, and the excellence of its customer support. The first of these, product quality, is illustrated by the fact that Hyva today offers the strongest front-end hydraulic telescopic cylinder in the world, as well as a full range of double-acting cylinders, fixed mounted and rolling truck cranes, container lifting systems (hook loaders and skip loaders) and waste collection units. 

They are solutions that are used worldwide across a range of sectors including transport, construction, mining, materials handling, and environmental services providers.

Service quality, too, is a fundamental part of the Hyva business philosophy: With operations in more than 110 countries, the company operates one of the world’s most extensive customer support networks in the industry. It is a network that has earned Hyva an international reputation for excellence in customer care."
R-Logic Technolo...,4.0,(136 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 6 more",27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Driven by a team of highly committed customer service professionals and propelled by profound technical capability, R-logic provides reliable direct after-sales customer care and part supply management services to global MNCs in the fast growing Asia. We aim to create a highly fulfilling experience beyond expectation, giving our clients a total peace of mind in managing their valuable products and their customers across the Asia. Over the years, R-Logic draws respectable global customers to its services for its proven values that it consistently provides."
NBCC,4.0,(136 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 24 more",63 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1960 as a Govt. of India Civil Engineering Enterprise, NBCC with its Headquarter in Delhi, today, holds the status of Navratna CPSE, and has emerged as the undisputed leader in the Construction Sector on the back of its capabilities, innovative approach, adherence to highest standard of quality, timely delivery and a dedicated workforce.NBCC’s areas of operation encompass three (03) Primary Segments namely:Project Management Consultancy (PMC) : Executing landmark projects in diversified sectors as also Redevelopment Projects for Government.Engineering Procurement & Construction (EPC): Working in a niche market and constructing Chimneys, Cooling Towers for Power Sector.Real Estate Development: Developing Residential and Commercial inventories for Governments and the Public at large"
QX,4.1,(136 Reviews),Private,"Skipton,North Yorkshire + 3 more",20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"QX Limited is a business process outsourcing company providing finance, accounts, recruitment, payroll, IT software and corporate advisory services. Our corporate home is in Skipton, North Yorkshire with American offices in New Jersey, and four Indian subsidiary offices in Ahmedabad, Baroda, Mumbai, and Noida. The subsidiary offices meet ISO standards for security (27001) and quality (9001) management systems, and are GDPR compliant via the BS 10012:2017 framework. Our American offices assure security, availability, processing integrity, confidentiality, and privacy of client data by being SOC 2 compliant. Under the QX brand, over 1200 professionals collaborate through different divisions to help its English and American clients become more efficient and achieve their business goals. Our aim is to innovate our clients’ back-office departments and give their senior staff time to deliver higher-value services. We operate in five key business areas – accounts outsourcing, F&A outsourcing, back-office recruitment services, corporate advisory, and software services – but a client can benefit from the services of a number of divisions. Each division provides services across different geographic areas to clients that include accountants, businesses, healthcare providers, local government bodies and recruitment agencies."
Toyota Material ...,3.9,(136 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 19 more",67 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Founded in 1956, Toyota's Material Handling Group has been a setting benchmarks by adopting innovative technologies to produce material handling equipment.

Toyota Material Handling Group has dedicated itself to realizing superior material handling solutions, carefully analyzing customer demands at their actual worksites. As a results, our equipment are more productive, safer and cost-effective.

We are proud to mention that Toyota enjoy's ""World No. 1"" position in industrial trucks segment for last 15 years (as per leading and influential German magazine dhf-intralogistik)."
Systopic Laborat...,4.7,(136 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 37 more",41 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Systopic strives to be a pharmaceutical company committed to respecting the dignity of life by providing quality innovative therapeutic solutions to alleviate the suffering of those afflicted with disease. Pioneering SpiritEver since the foundation, Excellence Through People and Innovation has been the guiding principle and spirit that has made Systopic a name to reckon within the pharma industry."
Propertypistol R...,3.0,(136 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 13 more",11 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"PropertyPistol.com was founded by Ashish Agarwal, an IIT Kanpur Graduate with the vision to become a one-stop shop for all kinds of real-estate needs in the complex Indian real-estate market. The concept envisages a smooth integration of the 3B’s of the real estate Industry- Buyers, Brokers and Builders with the cutting-edge technology of Internet and bringing all three at one platform."
Capital Finserve,4.6,(136 Reviews),Private,"Salem,Tamil Nadu + 2 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),We Started Our Loan Services Across Tamil Nadu Since 2007. We have 15000 and above satisfied customers Across Tamil Nadu.
Deen Dayal Upadh...,4.3,(136 Reviews),Public,New Delhi + 59 more,9 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),"The Ministry of Rural Development (MoRD) announced the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya Yojana (DDU-GKY) Antyodaya Diwas, on 25th September 2014. DDU-GKY is a part of the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM), tasked with the dual objectives of adding diversity to the incomes of rural poor families and cater to the career aspirations of rural youth.

DDU-GKY is uniquely focused on rural youth between the ages of 15 and 35 years from poor families. As a part of the Skill India campaign, it plays an instrumental role in supporting the social and economic programs of the government like the Make In India, Digital India, Smart Cities and Start-Up India, Stand-Up India campaigns. Over 180 million or 69% of the country’s youth population between the ages of 18 and 34 years, live in its rural areas. Of these, the bottom of the pyramid youth from poor families with no or marginal employment number about 55 million.

The National Policy for Skill Development & Entrepreneurship 2015 has identified a skills gap of 109.73 million in 24 key sectors by the year 2022. This number cannot be achieved without addressing the BoP 55 million from rural India. Also, a FICCI and Ernst – Young study published in 2013 identified a shortage of over 47 million skilled workers across the globe by 2020. This presents an unprecedented opportunity for India to train its BoP youth population and place them in jobs across the world and realize its demographic dividend.

DDU-GKY takes pride in its partners and their ability to add value. Innovation from partners is encouraged to build scale and capacity… its unique implementation structure involves partners, who are by nature, committed to changing lives and are experts in their areas, they form a part of the Skilling Ecosystem integrated by DDU-GKY. Partners are supported through investment, capacity building, strategies for retention, linkages to international placement and technology support for training purposes.

DDU-GKY is present in 29 States and UTs, across 690 districts, impacting youth from over 7,427 blocks. It currently has over 1426 projects being implemented by over 649 partners, in more than 552 trades from 52 industry sectors. Over 9.2 Lakh candidates have been trained and over 4.9 Lakh candidates have been placed in jobs as on 30th December, 2019. From 2012, DDU-GKY has so far committed an investment of more than INR 5,600 Crores, impacting rural youth pan-India."
Xanadu,3.2,(136 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 8 more",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We at Xanadu see ourselves as a company of business accelerators. Going far beyond consultancy, we immerse ourselves in a client’s business, virtually becoming a part of the client’s ownership and management core. We’re a company that measures its success not by the numbers we achieve, but by the joy we’re able to inspire and spread in the world around us. A company that believes that people, not processes are important to build an organisation.We believe that doing good will beget good and we strive to always do the right thing for our people and our clients. We believe that the right actions are more important than outcomes. That’s why we’re obsessed with putting in the right inputs without getting anxious about the results. Our experience has shown that they will always follow. Our actions are our credibility. They show to our people and our clients that we mean well and we do what we know is right for them and us."
Ipsos,3.5,(148 Reviews),Private,"Paris,√éle-de-France + 17 more",48 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"In our world of rapid change, the need for reliable information to make confident decisions has never been greater.At Ipsos we believe our clients need more than a data supplier, they need a partner who can produce accurate and relevant information and turn it into actionable truth.This is why our passionately curious experts not only provide the most precise measurement, but shape it to provide True Understanding of Society, Markets and People.To do this we use the best of science, technology and know-how and apply the principles of security, simplicity, speed and substance to everything we do.So that our clients can act faster, smarter and bolder.Ultimately, success comes down to a simple truth: YOU ACT BETTER WHEN YOU ARE SURE"
Ascent Consultin...,3.9,(135 Reviews),Private,Bengaluru + 8 more,21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At AscentHR, we all come to work every day because we want to solve the biggest problem for an organization in HR domain.

We take ownership of mission critical, information sensitive systems and processes to deliver accurately and consistently across geographies.

Today at AscentHR, we sit with various organization teams, not only the HR Operations or the Finance, but everyone who have a stake in creating a hassle free and law-abiding entity.

We discuss to understand and at instances, even discover their immediate HR function needs and carefully tailor out solutions that truly transforms their people practice.

We not only stand by the traits, we enthuse - Adaptability. Accountability. Accuracy."
CNS Comnet,3.8,(135 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 3 more",18 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"CNS Comnet is one of the leading Business Solutions providers having its presence globally. Starting in 2005, we are delivering exceptional services and solutions to our customers.

We go by a singular goal of business value enhancement. All our services orient towards delivering solutions that blend productivity with effective management, monitoring and control while keeping superior client and employee experience ahead at all times.

We believe in providing Unique Customer Experience by proactively anticipating client needs and expectations every time. With our Customer Centric Approach, we nail for not just customer satisfaction, but also their delight."
Oncquest Laborat...,3.8,(135 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 19 more",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are India’s Largest Cancer Diagnostic Network with over 20 years of experience under its belt, College of American Pathology (CAP) and NABL accredited laboratory, Oncquest is known for its excellence in Molecular and Clinical Diagnostics.WE HAVE THEFootprint of over 41 Laboratories, 250 + collection center’s & 1400 + business associate across Pan India and South Asia.Central Reference Laboratory located at New Delhi, Regional Reference Laboratories at New Delhi, Bengaluru & Kolkata, and Satellite Labs at Bhubaneswar, Chennai, Chandigarh,Coimbatore, Hisar, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Jalandhar, Ludhiana, Lucknow, Indore, Patna, Pune, Panchkula, Surat, Varanasi, Vijayawada, Udaipur & Ranchi.Strong logistic capabilities and pan Asia geographical spread makes Oncquest an ideal associate for all clinical activities in India and neighboring countries."
Govt. Medical Co...,4.2,(135 Reviews),Private,Patiala + 36 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Borosil Glass Wo...,3.7,(135 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 21 more",61 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Borosil Glass Works Ltd. (BGWL) was established in 1962, and is the market leader for laboratory glassware and microwavable kitchenware in India. 

Our Scientific and Industrial Products (SIP) division sells laboratory glassware, instruments, disposable plastics, liquid handling systems and explosion proof lighting glassware through its network of 150 dealers spread across the length and breadth of the country. The Borosil brand represents quality, accuracy and dependability, and all leading pharmaceutical companies, R&D labs scientific, health and educational institutions are loyal customers. Our glass has found use in over 2000 different products and applications, in areas as diverse as Microbiology, Biotechnology, Photo Printing, Process Systems and Lighting. 

Our Consumer Products division has made Borosil synonymous with microwavable and oven proof glass. We have a range of glass cookware, drinkware, serveware and storage for the home. In the recent years, we have expanded our product portfolio to include small kitchen appliances, opal tableware under the brand Larah, and a stainless steel range. In fact, we are the official Hydration Partners of the Indian Olympic contingent."
BLS Internationa...,3.3,(135 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 33 more",40 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"BLS International Services Limited has earned itself an impeccable reputation for setting benchmarks in its domain of expertise. This quest for excellence has seen its growth exponentially, over the last twelve years, to establish itself as a partner of choice for client governments worldwide. Leveraging its dominant position and business opportunities in rapid-growth markets, the organisation is now poised to drive transformational developments in the G-to-C Business globally.
Our journey to its current market standing has been remarkable. The first contract was that of providing visa processing services to the Portuguese Embassy in New Delhi in the year 2005. In a little over a decade, it has rapidly scaled up its operations across 62 nations.
Today, BLS International partners with thirty-six client Governments in the provision of outsourced visa and passport, front end and citizen, consular and passport, verification and attestation and E-Visa services. It manages administrative and non-judgmental tasks related to these services for diplomatic missions, enabling them to focus on key aspects of assessment of visa applications.
Building on these successes, in 2016, BLS International expanded its business operations to provide front-end and citizen services to State Governments in India to facilitate the realisation of the goal of transparent and accountable e-governance. It effectively supports State Governments in empowering their citizens through digital provision of over 223 services, through a single window, relating to diverse Government departments. Soon, it hopes to scale up these services to a global stage.
Key drivers of the organisation’s success have been innovation in technology, proficient of its personnel, stringent security of the client data, superior quality of services, and benchmarking of all processes. Its proprietary technology platform has evolved through years of experience, as well a more recent mobile biometric service, has been a prime enabler in ensuring that client Governments significantly enhance engagement with their citizens.
Going forward, the company will continue to focus on technology-backed innovations and targeted services to expand its portfolio of offerings globally. BLS International is the only company in its domain to be listed on the National Stock Exchange and the Bombay Stock Exchange. The organisation is committed to good corporate governance, ethical business practices, and operational excellence as a means to create values for all its stakeholders.
The company is a part of the four decades-old BLS Group with a global presence and diversified range of services in polymers and petrochemicals, education, electronics, asset management, visa processing and management consulting."
Mediamint,4.0,(135 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 1 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MediaMint offers digital Ad Operations services which are customized according to needs and business requirements of clients. We work as team extensions which is ideal for scale. Our experienced high potential team delivers operational and quality excellence.Using the power of a world-class team, our clients can run super-charged online campaigns by having efficient ad operations, superior customer services, deep analytic services to further their marketing initiatives"
Axles India,3.9,(135 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 10 more",42 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Axles India is a joint venture of Wheels India, Sundaram Finance and Dana Holding Corporation, USA. Axles India has the capability to provide Axle Housings for entire range of Medium and Heavy Commercial Vehicles. The production of pressed Axle Housings is at an annual level of 280,000 pressed Axle housings, manufactured in plants at Sriperumbudur and Cheyyar.

Axles India was started in 1982, as a joint venture with Eaton. In 1998, Dana Holding Corporation purchased Eaton Axles Business and Axles India’s shares were part of this arrangement.

Axles India commenced production at its Sriperumbudur plant, with an annual volume of 10,000 axle housings to Ashok Leyland. In 1995, to meet the increased demand of domestic OEMs, an additional facility for Axle Housings was set up at Cheyyar. In 2003, facility to manufacture Drive Head assemblies was installed. In 2006, Export oriented unit (EOU) was established for catering to export markets. In 2011, Drive head business was sold to Dana India Private Limited.

Axles India supplies to Tata Motors, Ashok Leyland, VE Commerical Vehicles, Dana India Private Limited, SML Isuzu, Mahindra Trucks and Buses and Daimler India Commercial Vehicles. Axles India also exports to Dana, USA and Volvo Trucks Asia."
Bhadra Internati...,3.6,(135 Reviews),Private,"New Delhi,Delhi + 6 more",23 years old,51-200 Employees (India),Bhadra International India provides aircraft ground handling services. The Company serves customers in India.
Midco,3.7,(135 Reviews),Private,Sioux Falls + 26 more,92 years old,1-10 Employees (India),"Founded in 1931, Midco® is the leading provider of internet and networking, cable TV, phone, data center and managed services, and advertising services in the Midwest. More than 385,000 residential and business customers count on Midco services in 342 communities in Kansas, Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin. Visit Midco.com to learn more about Midco and how the company gives back to the communities it serves."
ADARSH DEVELOPER...,4.4,(135 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 1 more",35 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Adarsh Group was started in the year 1988 by Mr. B M Jayeshankar, a civil engineer. Since its inception Adarsh has been developing Residential and Commercial properties in Bangalore, consistently delivering Quality on all parameters, offering Apartments, Independent Villas, Office and Retail Spaces, Software Tech Parks and more. 

Adarsh projects have become landmark in many ways, winning great compliment from customers as well as discerning critics. They have outshined in the art of building hi-tech commercial complexes in Bangalore, which include well known Buildings like Adarsh Regent, Adarsh SJM Towers and Adarsh Opus - which house blue-chips like Force Computers, Mistral Software, Tata Consultancy Services, The Lifestyle Store, Sony Software, Juniper Networks and Artisan Components. 

The residential projects which include Adarsh Palace, Adarsh Gardens, Adarsh Residency, Adarsh Hill, Adarsh Vihar, Adarsh Nivas, Adarsh Nest, Palm Meadows, etc. have incomparable value. The Adarsh Palace at Jayanagar won the ""Best maintained Building and Garden"" from the Bangalore Urban Arts Commission."
SBI Capital Mark...,3.2,(135 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 43 more",37 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"SBI Capital Markets Ltd. (SBICAP), is one of India’s leading domestic Investment Bank, offering the entire gamut of investment banking and corporate advisory services. These services encompass Project Advisory, Structured Debt Placement, Capital Markets, Mergers & Acquisitions, Private Equity and Stressed Assets Resolution.

We are a complete solutions provider offering diversified financial advisory and investment banking services, innovative ideas and unparalleled execution to our client base across all stages of the business cycle. Our services range from venture capital advisory, project advisory, buy and sell-side advisory, accessing financial markets to raise capital and even restructuring advisory in their turn-around phases.

 Founded in August 1986, SBICAP is a wholly-owned subsidiary and the Investment Banking arm of State Bank of India (SBI), the largest commercial bank in India."
Cummins Generato...,4.4,(135 Reviews),Private,Ahmednagar + 15 more,32 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"Established in 1991, Cummins Generator Technologies India Pvt. Ltd. manufactures the world’s broadest range of AC generators from 5 kVA to over 10,000 kVA under the STAMFORD and AvK product brands, and is backed by a committed customer support network worldwide."
C-quel Managemen...,4.5,(135 Reviews),Kolkata + 12 more,23 years old,11-50 Employees (India),N/A,"C-Quel will guide you through the labyrinth of rules and laws that govern Employment Laws, Employee Benefits & Labour Laws in India. With C-Quel, you will never miss a compliance deadline. C-Quel has been providing outsourced services in India for more than 19 years to Fortune 500 companies, multinationals & Navratan PSUs. C-Quel offers a host of secure online tools, mobile apps, employee help-desk & a host of customized and customer friendly solutions."
Varmora Granito,4.3,(135 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 39 more",30 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Varmora Granito Pvt. Ltd. came into being with a clear vision - to become a global leader in the world of ceramics in span of two decades, our futuristic group has grown by leaps and bounds into a nationwide conglomerate manufacturing quality ceramic, porcelain and vitrified tiles."
Laxmi Civil Engi...,4.1,(135 Reviews),Private,"Kolhapur,Maharashtra + 29 more",23 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We have a finest blend of Architects, Civil, Structural, Mechanical, Electrical Engineers and Quantity Surveyors as the stamp of distinctive genius for clarity and precision in the projects we execute. The combination of the wide range of knowledge and experience in this field allows us for a creative and practical engineering solutions and implementations.We have grown exponentially and have always maintained commitment to provide the best craftsmanship and level of expertise to meet our client’s requirements.With over three decades of experience and a list of lucrative projects, Laxmi Civil Engineering Services Pvt. Ltd. is a name which is reckoned for quality, assurance, safety, reliability, timely services and engineering proficiency."
Writer Business ...,3.8,(135 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 42 more,70 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Over the years Writer Corporation has evolved from being 20 employee, single service operation to a leading multi business enterprise with over 10500+ employees across geographies with a single goal to consistently meet and exceed our customers expectations through premium quality services. Imagination and innovation have been the hallmark of Writer Corporation, which has helped align our service capabilities with the evolving needs of corporates and individuals across the world. Tracing its origins back to a Mumbai based packing company started in 1953, the organisation has established a reputation of superior quality within Relocations, Information Management, Cash Management and Realty."
Dishman Pharmace...,4.1,(135 Reviews),Public,Ahmedabad + 6 more,40 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Dishman is the global outsourcing partner for the pharmaceutical industry offering a portfolio of development, scale-up and manufacturing services.
The products and services offered span customers’ needs from chemical development to commercial manufacture and supply of active pharmaceutical ingredients.
Dishman has a relationship driven business model that improves its customers businesses by providing a range of solutions at locations in Europe, China and India. Our offer delivers the best of both worlds:
-western expertise in speed, flexibility, innovation and rapid material provision
-new world expertise in process optimisation, robust large scale processes and secure economic commercial supply.
Our commitment is to deliver cost-competitive technical excellence and to be a reliable partner to our customers, protecting their interests as if they were our own.
Dishman is headquartered in Ahmedabad, India and is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. (BSE) and The National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)."
Biostadt,4.5,(135 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 36 more",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Biostadt India Ltd. believes that the growth of India is directly related to the growth of the rural areas. Farmers being the central focus of rural India, it is necessary to give them a helping hand by providing them with top-of-the-line agricultural inputs and services.

With this as their core initiative, Biostadt India Limited has been serving the farming community for over three decades. An impressive track record takes forward its strategy to hold the leading position in the biotechnology research-based agro inputs. This strategy has been further supported with safer and specialty chemical pesticides. The tremendous growth in the business in a span of just 10 years (from INR 100 crores in 2007 to INR 780+ crores in 2018) has itself created a story to talk about. Now, Biostadt India Limited is firmly positioned to address the emerging local and global challenges. We help in providing the farmers not just customized products but customized solutions, developing and evaluating products and processes for improving their satisfaction.

Our extensive high-quality product range that includes insecticides, herbicides, fungicides, hybrid seeds, aqua products and farm services, further supports this goal. We offer amongst the best of farm protection and associated products in India."
Regency Hospital,4.2,(135 Reviews),Private,"Kanpur,Uttar Pradesh + 4 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Regency Healthcare which started as Regency Hospital was the first, Multi-Specialty Tertiary Care Corporate Hospital in Uttar Pradesh. The Hospital was established in 1995 with a view to fill the wide gap between the demand of high-quality medical services and actually available services on the ground.In a span of 20 years, the hospital has been able to establish a distinct identity for delivering super specialty medical services to Kanpur, surrounding cities & rural areas. Regency Healthcare’s vision is to become the largest Healthcare player in the State of Uttar Pradesh over the next 5 years."
TALENTEDGE,3.2,(135 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 7 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Talentedge offers courses jointly with world-leading institutes and corporates. We enable working professionals to plan their future course of action and fast track their careers.

Talentedge partners with top Indian & International institutes including IIMs , XLRI, MICA, SPJIMR, Jack Welch Management Institute (JWMI) and also with renowned corporates like OLX, Viacom 18, Society of Human Resource Management (SHRM) and others."
Singareni Collie...,4.2,(135 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 14 more,103 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"The Singareni Collieries Company Limited (SCCL) is a Government coal mining company jointly owned by the Government of Telangana and Government of India on a 51:49 equity basis. The Singareni coal reserves stretch across 350 Km of the Pranahita – Godavari Valley of Telangana with a proven geological reserves aggregating to whopping 8791 million tonnes. SCCL is currently operating 18 opencast and 30 underground mines in 4 districts of Telangana with a manpower around 48,942.

While historically technology has been a critical factor in SCCL's ability to reduce environmental impacts and occupational hazards, the need to constantly increase productivity and cut costs has demanded that the company goes in for phased mechanization and adapts state-of-the-art technologies."
Smart Chip,3.7,(135 Reviews),Private,Noida + 38 more,27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Registered Device (RD) Service keeps security at the forefront by allowing secure registration of all devices without storing any data on the device. It provides three key additional features compared to public devices: Device identification, Eliminating use of stored biometrics , Certified Registration.RD Service provides UIDAI certification to the device and provides end to end security at all steps from signing in, biometric capture (user preview) and encryption of data for a streamlined registration process."
Protiviti India ...,3.4,(135 Reviews),Private,"Menlo Park,California + 15 more",75 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Protiviti is a global consulting firm that delivers deep expertise, objective insights, a tailored approach and unparalleled collaboration to help leaders confidently face the future. Our consulting solutions span critical business problems in technology, business process, analytics, risk, compliance, transactions and internal audit. We are committed to attracting and developing a diverse workforce of professionals that share the common value of collaboration. As an organisation, we believe that by teaming together, with each other, and our clients, we can see beyond the surface of changes and problems organisations face in this fast changing world to discover opportunities others might miss and face the future with greater confidence."
Ketto,4.4,(135 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 2 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Eight years ago, we set out with the goal of making healthcare more accessible to everyone. So, with a team of 200+ people, we've raised for over 2.8 lakh+ campaigns to ensure that everyone who needs help gets it. 

Our young, dynamic, and committed workforce is charged with the mission of harnessing the power of technology to make a large-scale social impact.

Technology and saving lives go hand-in-hand at Ketto! We continue to implement new and improved technology with the goal of helping as many people in need as we can.

We make sure that people are always at the forefront. In addition to benefits, perks, incentives, and acknowledgment, we take a compassionate approach to leadership.

With exceptional mentorship, you can expect to develop professionally and personally. Our priority is to guide and support our team because we’re invested in their growth."
R.K.M Powergen,4.2,(135 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 6 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"R.K.M Powergen Pvt Ltd (RKMPPL) is a Joint Venture Company promoted by R.K. Powergen Pvt Ltd (RKPPL), Chennai and Mudajaya Corporation Berhad Malaysia, with the object of setting up Coal Based Power projects in the State of Chhattisgarh."
Rahee Infratech,3.8,(135 Reviews),Private,"Howrah,West Bengal + 16 more",75 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Rahee group is a leading integrated railroad company based in India, operating in the field of Rail Tracks and Bridges for over sixty years. Established in 1948, the group specializes in Construction of Bridges, Track Installations, Flash Butt Welding of Rails, Turnout Systems, Fastening Systems, other Permanent Way Products and Bridge Products. Rahee is proud to be associated with Indian Railways, one of the largest state owned railway network in the world, producing premium products enhancing safe rail journeys at every stage. The group has several plants in India, manufacturing various track products for Railways. The plants are spread across the Eastern region of India, Kolkata and Southern region of India, Hyderabad. In addition, there are several infrastructure projects executed and under execution across India creating a pan India presence for the group. Rahee’s consistent endeavour has led the company to be rewarded and recognized as the “Best upcoming company in the Infrastructure Segment” along with “Most Innovative Enterprise” by CNBCTV18in 2013. Supplementing Rahee Group’s expertise is a wealth of international experience in the form of its association with Pandrol Limited, UK for supply of resilient fastenings and other technologically advanced solutions for modern Metros/Railways. The collaboration has strengthened Rahee’s position as a railway track leader in India. Featuring quality materials, providing experienced and reliable services; Rahee satisfies the requirements with regards to innovation, cost effectiveness and performance. Quality and on time delivery are our core values and we strive to live by our motto “Quality First, Speed always”. These values give Rahee an edge and are a great source of convenience for its clients."
Bharathi Cement,4.1,(135 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 24 more,24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Bharathi Cement is a producer of Superior Quality Cement has set new standards in the cement business. It is a joint venture of Vicat Group, France (pioneers in cement) in India having 51% majority stake.

Bharathi Cement has a 2 production lines with using state-of-the-art technology having a total capacity of 5 MTPA and is located at Nallalingayapalli, in Kadapa district of Andhra Pradesh. The cement is marketed as “Bharathi Cement” since 2009.

The Company was incorporated on May 12, 1999 as Raghuram Cement and Minerals Private Limited. The ownership of the company was changed and the company was renamed later as Bharathi Cement Corporation Limited on August 6, 2008. In April 2010, Vicat SA, France acquired a majority stake in the company. Later, the name of the company was changed to Bharathi Cement Corporation Private Limited from September 1, 2010.

The company commenced the commercial production of line 1 with a capacity of 2.25 MTPA on September 28, 2009 at Nallalingaya Palli, Kamalapuram Mandal, YSR District, AP. It sells the cement under the brand name, “Bharathi Cement”. Later the line 2 was commenced on February 4, 2011 and the total capacity was increased to 5 MTPA. In 2015, a 30 MW captive power plant was set up to meet the power requirements of the company. The company has also 2 subsidiaries,Bharathi Polymers India Private Limited (laminated PP bag manufacturing unit) and Bharathi Rock Products India Private Limited (Aggregates division)."
Gojavas,4.3,(135 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 43 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"gojavas is e-commerce focused solutions company with a vision of helping businesses solve problems where “CLICKS meet the BRICKS” by innovating in technology, processes and people practices. Currently it has more than 1Lac square feet fulfillment centers under its management and helps more than 400+ companies reach consumers in 300+ cities and towns in 2900+ pincodes. gojavas delivers smiles to 1.5 lac consumers every day, it closed the FY 2015 with revenues of INR 200+Cr. It is the first start-up to turn EBITA positive in the e-commerce supply chain space. gojavas pioneered open box delivery in India, it was also the first company in the Industry to pilot Instant cash refunds, live tracking of shipments on google maps and same day delivery."
L&T Buildings & ...,4.6,(135 Reviews),New Delhi + 17 more,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Indus Motors,4.2,(134 Reviews),Private,"Kochi/Cochin,Kerala + 21 more",33 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),"In its 25 years history of manufacturing and marketing Toyota brand vehicles in Pakistan, Indus Motor Company has demonstrated impressive growth, through the development of human talent embracing the ‘Toyota Way’of quality and lean manufacturing. Over the years, IMC has made large scale investments in enhancing its own capacity and in meeting customer requirements for new products. Today, Corolla is the largest selling automotive brand model in Pakistan in its category and it also has the distinction of being # 1 in Toyota’s Asian market."
Om Innovation Ca...,3.4,(134 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 6 more",18 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"OICS, setup in June, 2005 headquartered in New Delhi, with branches in Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Ahmadabad and Pune, has been a successful pioneer in providing end to end services to its Clients.It’s an ISO 9001–2000 certified first-class Domestic Call Center equipped with all the latest & best of the technologies used in the industry i.e. Dialer (Predictive/Preview), ACD Voice Loggers for 100% call recording, call barging & call monitoring.For over 8 years, Om Innovation Call Service Pvt. Ltd (OICS) has been uniquely positioned as a quality driven, full service outbound & inbound contact center. We have built our reputation for excellence, one satisfied client at a time. OICS specializes in the development and execution of quality.OICS has taken customer interaction services to new heights. The standards set here have become the benchmarks of the industry. We offer customized telephony solutions for both inbound and outbound operations. We can design customized telesales retail acquisitions programs for financial processes like life insurance, general insurance, credit cards and telecom products.We understand that customers are your business's most valuable asset. We allow you to nurture them, retain them or acquire them by leveraging our expertise, technology and at afraction of a cost of a fully blown internal set-up."
Trivitron Health...,3.8,(134 Reviews),Private,Chennai + 15 more,26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"“Right from the fetus stage, quality healthcare becomes our fourth basic need. When the wheels started to roll, technology evolved and now it is transforming healthcare, making it better and affordable. Several innovations saved time, empowered many to get rid of the expensive price tag, and made the cure possible.”

Since 1997, the journey of Trivitron Healthcare as a medical technology company providing affordable healthcare solutions weaves a fascinating thread of inspiration to many healthcare providers. Trivitron markets its products to hospitals, individual healthcare providers, independent clinics and laboratories, extended care facilities, renal care centers and all other roofs providing healthcare solutions. As a pioneer in the field, Trivitron constantly pursues technological innovations to offer superior clinical benefits at a lower cost. At Trivitron, quality healthcare is considered as a fundamental right and the vision is to make it available for people of all classes.

Having solid expertise in research and development, Trivitron manufactures and distributes exceptional medical technology products to 180 countries. A family of 1500 employees housed in 25 offices and the support of 1200 channel partners prepares the organization for unexpected challenges and aligns the daily activities in line with its vision. With 13 USFDA, CE-certified manufacturing facilities, supported by several R&D tie-ups with global leaders, Trivitron holds the record of 50,000+ installations across the globe. Today, Trivitron spearheads innovation in the fields of Newborn Screening, in In-Vitro Diagnostics, Imaging & Radiology, Radiation Protection, Critical Care, and Operating Room Solutions, thus, engraving its name as a holistic healthcare provider."
Affiliated Compu...,3.5,(134 Reviews),Private,Dallas + 10 more,35 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Xerox acquired Affiliated Computer Services.

The world’s largest diversified business process outsourcing (BPO) firm, ACS is a $6.5 billion company with revenue growth of 6 percent and new business signings of $1 billion in annual recurring revenue during its fiscal 2009.

“By combining Xerox’s strengths in document technology with ACS’s expertise in managing and automating work processes, we’re creating a new class of solution provider,” said Ursula M. Burns, Xerox chief executive officer. “A game-changer for Xerox, acquiring ACS helps us expand our business and benefit from stronger revenue and earnings growth.

“Xerox becomes a $22 billion global company, of which $17 billion is recurring revenue – a significant boost to our profitable annuity stream,” she added. “The revenue we generate from services will triple from $3.5 billion in 2008 to an estimated $10 billion next year.”

Under the terms of the agreement, ACS shareholders will receive a total of $18.60 per share in cash plus 4.935 Xerox shares for each ACS share they own. In addition, Xerox will assume ACS’s debt of $2 billion and issue $300 million of convertible preferred stock to ACS’s Class B shareholder. On an adjusted earnings basis, the transaction is expected to be accretive in the first year."
Can Fin Homes,4.0,(134 Reviews),Public,Bangalore + 48 more,36 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CanFin Homes Ltd, set up under the sponsorship of Canara Bank, was incorporated in the year 1987, ""The International Year of Shelter for the Homeless"".The main objective of setting up the company was, promoting home ownership and as well, increasing the housing stock in the country. It is the first housing company to be promoted by a nationalized bank in India.
CanFin Homes Ltd is one of the top players in the housing finance sector, in the country today. The company has completed 27 successful years of operation in the field of home finance and has a renowned history of making profits and paying dividends continuously, since inception in 1987."
Casio India Comp...,3.0,(134 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 18 more",27 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Casio India Co., Pvt. Ltd. has been operating in India since 1996 and has established the distribution channel as well as the brand for most of its products. Casio Computer Co., Ltd, Japan, the parent company of CIC is engaged into manufacturing and marketing of various consumer products throughout the world. 

Casio India’s range of products include Green Technology Laser-LED based Projectors that are available for a wide range of value to be used in everything from business to education. 

The company has also established service Centre’s across the country to provide after-sales-service at the doorstep of the customer. Today, Casio is known for its reliable product quality and exemplary innovations and is one of the world’s most recognized brands due to its vast product range."
Jodas Expoim,3.6,(134 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 3 more",17 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Jodas is a global, specialty, innovation driven, emerging, generic pharmaceutical company, that is asserting itself among the world’s foremost pharmaceutical companies. We began our journey of growth in the year 2006 in India, and today Jodas is a modern, research driven organization that has quality and affordability at the heart of its activities.Our Core Therapeutic Segments:Anti Infectives (Injectables & Orals)Anti Cancer (Injectables & Orals)Contrast Media – InjectablesCritical Care (Injectables & Orals)Our dedicated team of healthcare professionals strives to bring specialty, high-quality, effective and affordable generic formulations to the market, touching millions of lives with good health."
Gujarat Co Opera...,4.1,(134 Reviews),Public,Anand + 49 more,77 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) is India's largest food products organization with a total brand turnover of USD 6.5 billion (2018-19). Apex organization of the 18 milk cooperatives in Gujarat, popularly known as 'AMUL'​, aims to provide remunerative returns to the farmers and also serve the interest of consumers by providing quality products which are good value for money. The product portfolio include milk- UHT and pouch, buttermilk, ghee, butter, sweetened condensed milk, milk powders, infant milk food, dairy whitener, tea and coffee whitener, lassi, ice-cream, paneer-fresh and frozen, cheese, cheese spreads, margarine, flavored milk, gulabjamun, milk shakes, malted foods and drinks, probiotic dahi and chocolates."
Softtek,4.3,(134 Reviews),Private,"Monterrey,Nuevo Leon + 4 more",41 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in 1982, Softtek is a global company helping organizations bridge the digital gap. With presence in North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia, Softtek provides Global 2000 organizations with technology solutions that create value through technology."
NOVO Mediscience...,2.9,(134 Reviews),Mumbai + 17 more,77 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"-The corporate philosophy of “To create awareness regarding importance of vaccine in human life & serve human race with quality vaccines at affordable price to optimize quality of life.”

-NOVO Medi Sciences boasts of having over 70 years of experience in manufacturing, performing Clinical trials, registration, import, marketing and distribution of specialty pharmaceutical products.

-Achievements include introducing and successfully marketing various existing as well as new molecules in India, making them multi-million brands including critical vaccines, cardiovascular products, immunological, oncology products, fertility hormones, neurology drugs and several injectable and antibiotics. Established 400 brands, out of which 20 brands held numerouno position in India.

-Core values are integrity, excellence, commitment, understanding, unity, responsibility, trust and appreciation, which makes NOVO Medi Sciences a strong unit in the pharmaceutical world. The innovationists, competitiveness and a will to succeed against all odds are the qualities that are at the heart of NOVO Group.

-NOVO Medi Sciences is pioneer in the most ultramodern Cold Storage Distribution networks.

-Well established with 26 branch offices & more than 1000 distribution points across India."
Nalco,4.4,(134 Reviews),Private,"Bhubaneswar,Odisha + 10 more",42 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"National Aluminium Company Limited (NALCO) is a Navratna CPSE under Ministry of Mines. It was established on 7th January, 1981, with its registered office at Bhubaneswar. The Company is a group ‘A’ CPSE, having integrated and diversified operations in mining, metal and power. The Company registered a record net-profit of Rs 1732 crore in 2018-19, which is the highest in a decade and sales turnover of Rs 11386 crore in financial year 2018-19, which is the highest since inception. The export earning have been recorded at 4,793 crore, also registering an impressive growth of 18 per cent over 2017-18. In matters of profitability, NALCO is ahead of its private sector peers by registering EBIDTA margin of 28 per cent. Presently, Government of India holds 51.5% equity of NALCO.NALCO is one of the largest integrated Bauxite-Alumina-Aluminium- Power Complex in the Country. The Company has a 68.25 lakh TPA Bauxite Mine & 21.00 lakh TPA (normative capacity) Alumina Refinery located at Damanjodi in Koraput district of Odisha, and 4.60 lakh TPA Aluminium Smelter & 1200MW Captive Power Plant located at Angul, Odisha. NALCO has bulk shipment facilities at Vizag port for export of Alumina/Aluminium and import of caustic soda and also utilizes the facilities at Kolkata and Paradeep Ports. The Company has registered sales offices in Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore and 9 operating stockyards at various locations in the Country to facilitate domestic marketing."
Terex,4.0,(134 Reviews),Private,"Westport,Connecticut + 15 more",90 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Terex Corporation is an American worldwide manufacturer of lifting and material-handling plant for a variety of industries, including construction, infrastructure, quarrying, recycling, energy, mining, shipping, transportation, refining and utilities."
GlobalStep,3.5,(134 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,Texas + 2 more",16 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"GlobalStep is a world leader in risk management and mitigation in the development, production, and maintenance of video games throughout their entire lifecycle. The company provides quality assurance, localization, live operations support, data analytics, test automation and consulting services to its global customer base ranging from small and medium-sized enterprises to Fortune 100 companies. In addition to its head office in Dallas, GlobalStep has regional offices in North America, Europe, and Asia."
Global Consumer ...,3.9,(134 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 32 more",10 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Global CP is more than just a company. It’s an innovation that will change your way of life. This was an initiative by an Entrepreneur whose main aim was to fulfil the need for efficient and high-quality products in various sections of the market. Over the last five years, ever since its establishment, Global CP has flooded the market with its innovative products in various verticals including but not limited to chocolates, confectionaries, beauty products, and household solutions.At Global CP, we give utmost importance to consumer satisfaction. All our products are designed to be highly efficient and uphold high standards of quality. Nothing but the best goes on the shelf at Global CP. We aim to continue offering similar ingenious solutions in all verticals and make it easily accessible to everyone in the future.What sets us apart from our competitors is our strong core values. At Global CP, we strive to deliver the best to not only our consumers but also to our employees, channel partners, suppliers, shareholders, and investors. We believe in providing every individual involved in our business with an equal opportunity to grow and flourish with the company."
Reecomps Teleser...,3.6,(134 Reviews),Private,Allahabad + 27 more,25 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"Reecomps established in the year 1998 with entrepreneurs who is willing to do something big in the field of mobility and wireless communications. Our core services evolve around energizing and managing the Telecom Network for Voice and Data solutions.

With expanding telecommunication boundaries we also specialize in a range of managed services network operation, maintenance and system integration to provide optimum services at cutting edge costs. Reecomps' expert and efficient network professionals can support designing, building, operating and managing day-to-day network operations.

We already cater one of the biggest and major telco Bharti Airtel. End to end managed services and manpower is provided pan India for deployment of new links and operation & management (O&M) successfully. Our in-house expertise in installation and maintenance allows us to produce skilled and professional workforce for managed services."
BDR Pharmaceutic...,4.0,(134 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"BDR Group of companies has grown steadily and become a house-hold name in the pharmaceutical Industry over the last 15 years, in both domestic and international arenas. We are recognized as a “niche” player in manufacturing of Pharmaceutical APIs and for our renowned new age formulations. The group is complemented majorly by its two companies - BDR Pharmaceuticals International Pvt Ltd and BDR Life sciences Pvt. Ltd, each one having stamped its own supremacy in respective fields, i.e. API and formulation manufacturing, respectively.

BDR Group focuses on development in 4 specialized therapeutic segments, viz. Oncology, Critical care, Gynecology & Neurology, which are its dream segments.

Over the years, BDR has built an undeniable reputation for its specialization in early identification, development and introduction of new molecules, in a continuous endeavor to make globally available high cost medicines to local masses at affordable prices;

Innovation and development are the inalienable cornerstones of BDR group. We invest heavily in R&D activities, possess state–of-the-art API and Formulation development centers accredited by the DSIR, Government of India. Our facilities are in a state of constant & continuous upgradation, so as to keep up and meet with the constantly growing demands of the dynamic International scenario. Blending of human skill and innovative expertise of BDR often acts as a catalyst for development of desired modern technology and setting up of world class facilities.

BDR‘s philosophy of sustained growth and consolidation is achieved by strategic tie-ups with several globally renowned players. Today, we can boast of having tie-ups with market leaders in almost all the strategically important emerging markets. We are proud recipient of “Golden Award for Best Exporter” from Pharmexcil (Export Promotion Council) consecutively since 2010.

Over the years having credibly established ourselves as reliable API manufacturers and suppliers, we have made forays into manufacturing and marketing of oncological formulations, initially under contract manufacturing understanding. Today, BDR Group has its own in-house manufacturing support for both APIs and formulations in this critical and life saving segment.

One such state – of - the - art manufacturing unit, specialized in Oncology oral formulations, is already commissioned and is into production. This unit located in Vadodara, Gujarat State is both WHO GMP and EU-GMP compliant. More audits at the hands of similar international Agencies as a prelude to such recognition are in the anvil starting with ANVISA, Brazil, in the near future.

On a parallel note, BDR now has ambitious plans to manufacture specialized Oncological Injectable dosage forms as the next giant step. Towards the initial step, the manufacturing site in Halol District in Gujarat has been acquired and construction work is all set to commence. Once ready and operational, this facility will target for approval from various international accreditation agencies, including from US, Europe, African and Asian Health Authorities.

An API facility dedicated to Biotech products and another formulation plant at Savli, Vadodara, under SEZ promoted by the Gujarat government will fulfill BDR’s ambitious long term goals being self – reliant in manufacturing."
Green Park Hotel...,4.1,(134 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 12 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"For over 25 years, brand GreenPark has stayed true to its fundamental belief – superior service backed by a pragmatic approach to hospitality. With this focus on service quality, we have gained an enviable expertise in blending business with comfort across all our properties. Reason why our guests keep coming back for the GreenPark experience. Explore our properties. We are certain you will agree with our brand of hospitality."
Arun Excello,3.8,(134 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 9 more",36 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Arun Excello Group: Started in 1987 by four young engineering entrepreneurs as a partnership firm, Arun Fabricators, was primarily engaged in the business of engineering contracts for both Oil & Chemical industries specializing in execution of mechanical jobs on contract basis. Later the firm diversified into execution of industrial civil works for various types of industries and emerged as one of the trusted names in the field of execution of engineering contracts both in India & abroad on turnkey basis."
MITA,3.6,(134 Reviews),Private,Cambridge + 5 more,24 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Mita India pvt ltd was established in 1999. Initially it was a joint venture-company, as requested in those years by Indian law for foreign investors. The majority share-holding has always been owned by CBM Group. Mita India pvt ltd in 2000 started to produce hydraulic rockshafts and in 2006 three point linkages and during these years it has developed an important and independent production capacity, with a significant growth in volumes and quality.
                   Mita India pvt ltd today is partner of the most important manufactures of tractors both domestic and international, with a range of specific products with technical features as requested by these markets."
Oriental Carbon ...,4.0,(134 Reviews),Public,Noida + 10 more,45 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Oriental Carbon & Chemicals Limited, incorporated in 1978, belongs to the JP Goenka Group of Companies. 
The Company is a globally respected manufacturer of Insoluble Sulphur. We possess more than 25 years of experience in manufacturing this product. Over the years, our knowledge has translated into the ability to manufacture customised and value added grades for our customers. These grades have helped us address the demanding requirements of some of the largest global quality-driven tyre manufacturers.

The Company is driven by a profound sense of customer service. Our service mindset reflects in proactive investments in people, plant & processes, to deliver quality product. We are focused on Interactive technical services with our clients. This capability has enabled us to provide holistic solutions to our customers."
Geo Chem Laborat...,3.7,(134 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 15 more",59 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"GEO-CHEM, founded in 1964, is an independent inspection and testing company. With our head quarters in Mumbai and branches across India, we are today one of the largest and reputable inspection and testing organizations in India.

We are renowned as cargo inspectors and surveyors and have proven our expertise in Inspection, Survey and Testing of diverse export, import and locally traded cargos and commodities. An Independent, unbiased and quality driven inspection and testing company, Geo-Chem today has a strong reputation world-wide.

Our services are available through a network of branch offices and associates, supported by an excellent infrastructure of ultramodern facilities, communication system and staff strength with vast experience in the industry.

Through years of offering dedicated and professional services to our clients, we have built up enough confidence in the international trade to merit 100 per cent exclusive nominations from our clientele despite stiff competition. Geo-Chem's international client list is ample testimony to the confidence the company enjoys the world over. 

With significantly low levels of complaints and claims, Geo-Chem focuses on client service, cost effective solutions and adheres to its time frame commitment."
Indian Council o...,4.0,(134 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 36 more,94 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) is an autonomous organisation under the Department of Agricultural Research and Education (DARE), Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare , Government of India. Formerly known as Imperial Council of Agricultural Research, it was established on 16 July 1929 as a registered society under the Societies Registration Act, 1860 in pursuance of the report of the Royal Commission on Agriculture. The ICAR has its headquarters at New Delhi. The Council is the apex body for co-ordinating, guiding and managing research and education in agriculture including horticulture, fisheries and animal sciences in the entire country. With 101 ICAR institutes and 71 agricultural universities spread across the country this is one of the largest national agricultural systems in the world. The ICAR has played a pioneering role in ushering Green Revolution and subsequent developments in agriculture in India through its research and technology development that has enabled the country to increase the production of foodgrains by 5.4 times, horticultural crops by 10.1 times, fish by 15.2 times, milk 9.7 times and eggs 48.1 times since 1951 to 2017, thus making a visible impact on the national food and nutritional security. It has played a major role in promoting excellence in higher education in agriculture. It is engaged in cutting edge areas of science and technology development and its scientists are internationally acknowledged in their fields."
Amazon Seller Ce...,4.4,(134 Reviews),Hyderabad/Secunderabad + 27 more,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Major Brands,3.7,(134 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 9 more",22 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"We did not start a company, we started a concept. Major Brands is a leading Franchisee for premier international fashion brands in India. We offer value-based products to our customers and business growth for our partners. Major Brands (India) Private Limited is one of the first few retail organizations to focus on introducing the retail of premier international brands in India through the Exclusive Brand Outlets format. We have successfully launched brands such as Aldo, Aldo Accessories, Charles & Keith, Inglot, Lasenza, Beverly Hills Polo Club, Call it Spring,New Balance, Bath and Body Works. Major Brands, today commands a position of an anchor retailer occupying a retail space of over 2,50,000 sqft in existing malls and another 90000 sqft by 2020 as well in upcoming malls for all of its international brands. The company believes to develop business through store expansion in key retail spaces, provide strong marketing support, digital e-commerce, consistent deliverables, clear direction for product growth in line with global strategy of the brands."
Hire Glocal,4.9,(134 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 4 more",11 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Hire Glocal an ISO 9001:2015 certified and a leading recruitment consultant based in Mumbai (India). Hire Glocal is a top placement agency in India and overseas specializing in placement consultancy services such as Executive Search, CXO Hiring Services, Turnkey Recruitment Projects, Interim Management, and Human Resource Consulting. Having a Pan-India presence, Hire Glocal is one of the Best Recruitment Agencies in for job vacancies both IT and Non-IT sectors.

As a top HR consulting firm in India and overseas, we are linked in a variety of industry-specific techniques to deliver top recruiting consulting and leading HR services in India. We majorly serve in Mumbai, Delhi NCR, Bengaluru, Pune, Chennai, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Lucknow, Mysore and throughout the major cities of the world. Hire Glocal is a leading placement consultant, offering selective and high-quality hiring solutions to our clients including many MNCs.

Being the best recruitment consultancy, our job consultants and quality recruitment team is made up of experts with various backgrounds and extensive expertise in the field of recruiting, staffing, and HR consulting. We provide the perfect mix of leading manpower and top HR Consultancy experience to assist organizations for hiring in temporary and permanent jobs, increasing productivity, and lowering employment costs.

📞: (+91) 9930-1000-22 / 33 
📩: connect@hireglocal.com 
🌐: https://hireglocal.com"
Abellon Clean En...,3.7,(134 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujrat + 14 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Abellon has been set up with a vision to contribute to nation building through sustainable solutions for Power, Heat and Transport. Our aim is to productively harness the abundant urban and agricultural waste resource in the country to produce renewable energy, while reducing environmental degradation, improving human health and well-being, and promoting energy self reliance for the nation.

Our integrated waste to energy model is inspired by the Gandhian philosophy of Sustainability and aligned to the UN Sustainable Development Goals, with emphasis on the Triple Bottom Line approach, of environmental protection, social development as well as economic prosperity."
UAE Exchange,4.1,(319 Reviews),Public,"Abu Dhabi,Abu Dhabi + 34 more",28 years old,1-10 Employees (India),"Unimoni is part of Finablr, a global platform for Payments and Foreign Exchange solutions. With deep regulatory know-how, technology expertise and industry leading partnerships, Finablr companies provide a broad array of tailored and trusted financial solutions for consumers and businesses. With a global reach spanning 170+ countries, Finablr companies processed over 150 million transactions in 2018, managing nearly USD 115 billion for customers."
Carrefour,3.8,(134 Reviews),Private,Massy + 21 more,64 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"The Carrefour Group: one of the world’s leading retailers.In 50 years, the Carrefour Group has become a world leader in the retail sector. The second largest retailer in the world and the largest in Europe, the Group now features four major grocery retail formats: hypermarkets, supermarkets, cash & carry and convenience stores. The Carrefour Group currently has over 9 900 company-owned and franchise stores."
COWI,4.0,(133 Reviews),Private,Lyngby + 3 more,93 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"COWI is a leading consulting group that creates value for customers, people and society through our unique 360° approach. Based on our world-class competencies within engineering, economics and environmental science, we tackle challenges from many vantage points to create coherent solutions for our customer.

With offices all over the world, we combine global presence with local knowledge to take on projects anywhere in the world - no matter how large or small. At any given moment, we are involved in more than 12,000 projects.

We have more than 85 years experience in the business, and COWI is a leader within its field because our 6,600 employees are leaders within theirs. Together, we create coherence in tomorrow's sustainable societies."
Snowman Logistic...,4.2,(133 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 20 more",27 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Snowman is one of the largest temperature controlled logistics services providers in the country with an ability to service customers on a pan-India basis. Temperature Controlled Storage:Our warehousing solutions offer services across a spectrum of temperature – from ambient to chilled and frozen (i.e. +25ºC to -20ºC). The Company provides blast freezing facilities at temperature controlled warehouses in Kolkata, Visakhapatnam Mumbai, Surat , Ahmedabad, Delhi, Chandigarh, Chennai, Bengaluru, Pune, Hyderabad, Kochi, Jaipur (new facility, Bhubaneswar .A majority of the Company’s temperature controlled warehouses were certified for ISO 14001 (TUV-SUD), ISO 22000 (TUV-SUD) and FSSA. Four temperature-controlled warehouses comprised EIA and MPEDA (Marine Products Export Development Authority) certifications;The product segments we cater to include: ◾Ice-cream;;◾Dairy products including butter and cheese;◾Poultry and meat;◾Sea food;◾Ready-to-eat / ready-to-cook food products;◾Confectioneries including chocolate and baked products;◾Fruits and vegetables;◾Healthcare and pharmaceutical products; andTransportation Service:The primary transportation (long haul) generally facilitates inter-city transport of products. Our service includes door to door service, customized milk runs and part cargo consolidation. We also provide secondary transportation i.e. last mile distribution, supplying, amongst others, QSRs, retail outlets, restaurants and the hotels..Consignment Agency Business: In addition to the refrigerated service, we also provide retail distribution through a consignment agency model besides the below services:Indenting, order bookings and category management.Invoicing and receivable management.Inventory management, supply & tax administration.Reverse logistics and safe disposal of expired and excess stocks as per Government Norms."
Karam Industries,4.1,(133 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 17 more",25 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"KARAM is India’s one of the leading Personal Protective Equipment Manufacturing enterprises and is rated as one of the finest Indian companies providing world-class PPE. KARAM ranks as the number one Company in the field of Personal Safety in the country, and as one of the top ten Fall Protection manufacturing companies in the World.KARAM is deeply committed to protecting the lives of millions of workers working in the industrial environment all across the globe.The clear vision of providing the highest level of quality in products and services through sustained efforts in the field of innovation, process control, customer reach, and training has lead KARAM to become a highly respected Brand in the safety industry. For all Training and Product Needs please reach us through email or phone number given below"
A2Z Infraservice...,4.0,(133 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 18 more",21 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"A2Z Infraservices Limited is an integrated solution provider for all aspects of asset management services - from identification of an asset to its lifetime maintenance. We provide innovative, customised and cost-effective solutions to our clients by using latest technology, best-in-class services and dedicated in-house professionals across all levels. Today we are the foremost Indian company in the industry with a clientele that comprises MNCs, Indian Companies and the large Government sector.
We believe that our sincerity reflects in the quality service we provide, be it big or small. It is for this reason that since inception we have gone that extra mile to please our Clients.
Our Client is precious to us and we take care of their valuable resources, infrastructure and people, so their business thrives. Our 100% track record of Client retention is a testimony to the painstaking application of our values and work philosophy."
TATWA Technologi...,3.3,(133 Reviews),Private,"Bhubaneswar,Odisha + 5 more",21 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Leading IT & ITeS company in India provide end to end business solutions .We are based at Infocity next to Infosys DC at Bhubaneswar. We are in to 24x7 operation.We have international standard infrastructure and process.We have added value to more than 100+ clients in India and abroad in the 12+ years of operation. We have more than 3500+ associates and have delivery centers in Bhubaneswar ,Kolkata ,Hyderabad & Thane equipped with Leading -edge facilities, where our committed team strive persistently to deliver the project in time with quality . With a view to maintain good Customer & Partner relationship, TATWA commits itself to a policy to continually enhance its expertise and competencies. We constantly keep a close eye on the markets so that we deliver our customers comprehensive & innovative solution and help them stand out against the competition and improve their position in the market. Not only the clients, TATWA ensures in maintaining a healthy employee- employer relationship.•We promote an open, innovative and performance related corporate culture .We provide technical training on regular basis to our employees to keep them updated and technically sound."
Balasore Alloys,3.4,(133 Reviews),Public,"Balasore,Odisha + 9 more",39 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Balasore Alloys, formerly Ispat Alloys Limited is part of the renowned Ispat group of Companies, a major business house in the country, promoted by the Mittals. The group’s companies are spread across six countries including Libya, Bosnia, Philippines, Azerbaijan and Uzbekistan. India Ltd.

Balasore Alloys was incorporated in the year 1984 at Balasore, Orissa and at present it has 5 furnaces with total capacity of 72 MVA to produce 1,50,000 MT bulk Ferro Alloys per annum. With multiple furnaces of different capacities, the company has the flexibility to produce different types of Ferro Alloys as per market dynamics. This adds to the competitive advantage of the organization as different product mix can be maintained at the same time even with low quantity. BAL is one of the very few Ferro Alloys manufacturing companies in the country having captive mines and this is a major competitive advantage since availability of Chrome ore is very uncertain and the price is also exorbitant. Other raw materials are sourced from both Domestic and International Markets. The products of the company enjoy international reputation. 

The company has IMS( Integrated Management System) Certification for its Plant  and also international certification for plat  DIN(German Certification), JIS ( Japanese Certification)  and ISO-9002 for its Mines in Jajpur, Orissa. Various modern management initiatives like Six Sigma, TPM, Supply Chain Management and Performance Management Systems are in place to promote excellence in all areas and improve the overall efficiency of the company."
MAQ Software,2.5,(133 Reviews),Private,Redmond + 4 more,23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We specialize in Data Management and Reporting to help business users support their intuition with data. Our customers repeatedly tell us that based on the number of projects completed and volume of data processed using Azure Data Lake, COSMOS, Power BI and Azure, we are one of the most advanced suppliers at their company.

MAQ Software has worked closely with marketing, operations, and product groups across Fortune 500 companies. More than 50,000 Product, Sales, and Marketing Managers around the globe use custom applications (both on-premise and Cloud hosted), Line-of-Business (LOB), and Data Analytics & Business Intelligence (BI) solutions created and managed by us."
Kovai Medical Ce...,4.4,(133 Reviews),Public,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 6 more",38 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"KMCH is the most trusted Multispecialty Hospital in the Southern Indian City of Coimbatore. ... KMCH has established its name in multiple specialties such as its: ... Multi Organ Transplant Center – Heart & Lung, Liver, Kidney and Bone Marrow. ... Select your Center, KOVAI MEDICAL CENTER AND HOSPITAL LTD."
STYLAM Industrie...,3.3,(133 Reviews),Public,"Chandigarh,Chandigarh + 18 more",32 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Stylam is all about inventing designs and products of the highest quality. We have stood true to our vision since inception, and today, have grown to become a global entity with a pan India presence and a thriving export market in more than 65 countries. Our major customers are in Europe, The Far East, The Middle East, Russia & North America. Stylam continues to maintain robust YOY export growth."
Jaypee Hotels,4.3,(133 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 11 more",43 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"About UsAOUT JAYPEE GROUPTransforming challenges into opportunities has been the hallmark of the Jaypee Group, ever since its inception five decades ago. The Group is a diversified infrastructure conglomerate with interests in:Engineering & ConstructionCementPowerReal Estate and ExpresswaysFertilizerHospitalityHealth CareSportsEducation (not-for-profit)Information TechnologySocial CommitmentsEnvironmentENGINEERING & CONSTRUCTIONThe Engineering and Construction wing of the Group is an acknowledged leader in the construction of multi-purpose River Valley and Hydropower projects. It has the unique distinction of having simultaneously executed 13 Hydropower projects spread across 6 states and the neighboring country Bhutan for generating 10,290 MW power.The Group has been assigned “CR1” grade by ICRA Ltd. indicating very “strong contract execution capacity with best prospects of timely completion of projects, without cost overruns for projects with average value of Rs. 2500 crore.” It is the only Group in India, which pre-qualifies on its own for the bidding of various projects that are awarded in the country.A leader in Engineering and Construction of Hydropower projects in India, the Group has the largest market share in the Indian Hydropower, E&C and EPC sector having participated in 54% of Hydropower projects developed in 10th 5-Year Plan in different capacities.Jaiprakash Associates Limited ( JAL) is the only integrated solution provider for Hydropower projects in the country with a track record of strong project implementation in different capacities and has participated in projects that have added over 8840 MW of Hydroelectricity to the National grid between 2002 to 2009. (AN UNPARALLELED FEATURE IN INDIAN POWER SECTOR)The Group also has the distinction of executing three out of five Hydropower projects contracted on an EPC basis in the country till March 2009. Two of these, 300 MW Chamera - II and 520 MW Omkareshwar, were completed ahead of schedule.Jaiprakash Associates Ltd. is currently executing four contracts relating to construction of the 1020 MW Punatsangchhu II Hydro- Electric Project and 750 MW Mangdechhu HEP, both in Bhutan. These hydro-electric projects are being jointly implemented by the Royal Government of Bhutan and the Government of India.The 900 MW Baglihar (Stage-I and II) Hydroelectric project in Jammu & Kashmir, has been set up in the challenging environment of the State with 22 million cubic meters of concrete, has been the largest EPC project executed in the country in Hydropower sector, so far.The key non-EPC projects completed across India are -1450 MW Sardar Sarovar Project, the largest water resource project in India,1000 MW Tehri Dam, Asia's highest rockfill dam.1000 MW Indira Sagar Power House, second largest surface power house in the country.1500 MW Nathpa Jhakri Power House, the largest underground power house in the country.The in-house Design and Consultancy Company, Jaypee Infra Ventures (JIV), gives JAL a competitive edge over its rivals. The design and engineering arm has been awarded “CT1” grade by ICRA with CIDC (The Construction Industry Development Council). This is the highest rating assigned to consultants in the field of Engineering.CEMENTJaypee Group is the 3rd largest cement producer in the country. The group produces special blend of Portland Pozzolana Cement under the brand name ‘Jaypee Cement’ (PPC). Its cement division currently operates modern, computerized process control cement plants with an aggregate capacity of 31.5 MnTPA and Captive Thermal Power plants totaling 672 MW.POWERThe Group has three operational power plants - 400 MW Vishnuprayg Hydro electric Power Plant in Uttarakhand , 500 MW – Phase I (of 1200 MW) Jaypee Bina Thermal Power Plant in Madhya Pradesh and 1320 MW Jaypee Nigrie Super Thermal Plant in Nigrie, District, Singrauli, Madhya Pradesh.In addition, with 3200 MW projects (2700 MW Lower Siang & 500 MW Hirong ) coming up in Arunachal Pradesh and 720 MW (270 MW Umngot and 450 MW Kynshi Stage –II) in Meghalaya, the Group will have total hydropower generation capacity of over 5600 MW by 2020.The Group is executing 3300 MW (5 x 660 MW) Bara Thermal Power project in UP. Unit I has been commissioned.The Group has also successfully implemented a Transmission system associated with 1000 MW Karcham Wangtoo Hydroelectric project. The Transmission project consists of a 217-kilometre-long transmission line between Wangtoo in Himachal Pradesh and Abdullapur in Haryana.REAL ESTATE AND EXPRESSWAYSThe Group is a pioneer in the development of India’s first golf centric Real Estate. Jaypee Greens - a world class fully integrated complex consists of an 18 hole Greg Norman Golf Course. Stretching over 452 acres, it also includes residences, commercial spaces, corporate park, entertainment and nature in abundance .Jaypee Greens also launched its second project in Noida in November 2007. India’s First Wish Town, is an Integrated Township spread over 1162 acres of land comprising one 18 hole and two 9 hole golf facility & world class residences.The Group has constructed 165 km long , 6 lane Yamuna Expressway project stretching from Noida to Agra . Ribbon development on 6175 acres at five or more locations along the expressway for commercial, industrial, institutional, residential and amusement purposes, will also be undertaken as an integral part of the project.FERTILIZERThe fertilizer plant situated in Panki , Kanpur is one of the oldest Urea manufacturing plant in the country with an installed capacity of 7.22 lac MT per annum.The Group started Urea production in June 2013 and the product is sold in the brand name of ""Jaypee Chaand Chaap Urea"" which enjoys a very high degree of acceptance amongst the farming community. The plant was successfully converted to gas based, from Naptha and currently prills urea by using the latest in technology. The company has also entered into the value added agri inputs space by marketing speciality inputs like Micro nutrients, Zinc sulphate Mono hydrate and organic manure under the flagship brand of Jaypee Chand chaap.HOSPITALITYThe Group’s hospitality business owns and operates 5 properties spread across New Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand. Four Five Star Hotels, two in New Delhi and one each in Agra and Mussoorie have a total capacity of 644 rooms. Another 5 star luxury with state-of-the-art resort and SPA at Greater Noida with 170 living spaces making it a viable destination for corporate, entrepreneurs, expats , business and leisure stays.HEALTH CAREWith the vision of promoting world-class health care amongst the masses by providing quality and affordable medical care with commitment the Jaypee Hospital has been constructed. The hospital has been planned as a 1200 bedded tertiary care multi-speciality facility and has currently commissioned 525 beds in the first phase.SPORTSThe Group hosted India’s first ever Formula One TM Grand Prix on 30th October, 2011. In addition to F1, the track is also expected to host other top-level international motorsports events.EDUCATION“People of resources must contribute towards making a better tomorrow for all”. Shri Jaiprakash Gaur ji, Founder Chairman of the Group firmly believes that quality education on an affordable basis is the biggest service which, as a corporate citizen, we can provide. Education is the cornerstone to economic development and the strength of 1 billion Indians can be channelized by education alone to build India into a developed nation.The Group currently provides education across all spectrum of the learning curve through 32 Schools, 6 ITIs, 1 Polytechnic, 1 Post Graduate College, 1 B.Ed College and 4 Universities catering to learning of over 30,000 students.INFORMATION TECHNOLOGYWe are living in an era of information driven enterprise. Focus is consistently placed on automation techniques that increase the productivity and profitability of an enterprise with reduced costs across various functional heads. IT is an enabler in this context. This is the vision with which JIL Information Technology Limited (JILIT) the IT arm of the Group operates. The offerings encompass a diverse range of areas such as IT Infrastructure Management, Networking & Communication, Multimedia & Content Development Services, E-learning and Software Solutions. JILIT is today partnering with leading IT companies such as IBM and CISCO.JILIT’s design & development of software & content is ISO 9001:2008 certified and the information security management system & data centre operations is attested by ISO 27001:2005.SOCIAL COMMITMENTSThe Group has always believed in “growth with a humane face” and to fulfill its obligations it has set up Jaiprakash Sewa Sansthan (JSS), a ‘not-for-profit trust’ which primarily serves the objectives of socio – economic development, reducing the pain and distress in society.For over 5 decades now, Jaypee Group has supported the socio-economic development of the local environment in which it operates and ensured that the economically and educationally challenged strata around the work surroundings are also benefited from the Group’s growth by providing education, medical and other facilities for local development.The Group also undertakes Comprehensive Rural Development Program (CRDP) which covers a wide range of projects such as free medical camps, health check-ups for village school children, literacy campaigns like Balwadis for young boys and girls, safe drinking water supply, creating huge water reservoirs in different villages, self employment which includes tailoring classes for women and animal husbandry. Some other important activities undertaken include the renovation of old temples, other schools and hospital buildings in the adjoining adopted villages.ENVIRONMENT""Every time we borrow from nature, we return it with interest.""We at Jaypee believe that harmony between man and his environment is the prime essence of healthy life and living. The sustenance of our ecological balance is therefore of paramount importance.Efforts are made to conserve ecological balance without any harm done to the local flora and fauna. The Group has also taken green initiatives, afforestation drives, resources conservation, water conservation, air quality control and noise pollution control and created a “green oasis’’ amidst the limestone belt at the cement complex in Rewa.Last but not the least, “as a Group we remain committed to strategic business development in infrastructure, as the key to nation building in the 21st century. We aim for perfection in everything we undertake and we have a commitment to excel. It is the determination to transform every challenge into opportunity; to seize every opportunity to ensure growth and grow with humane face; that drives us”."
STYLAM Industrie...,3.3,(133 Reviews),Public,"Chandigarh,Chandigarh + 18 more",32 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Stylam is all about inventing designs and products of the highest quality. We have stood true to our vision since inception, and today, have grown to become a global entity with a pan India presence and a thriving export market in more than 65 countries. Our major customers are in Europe, The Far East, The Middle East, Russia & North America. Stylam continues to maintain robust YOY export growth."
Gujarat Narmada ...,4.3,(133 Reviews),Private,Bharuch + 10 more,47 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited. (GNFC), is a joint sector enterprise promoted by the Government of Gujarat and the Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd.(GSFC). It was set up in Bharuch, Gujarat in 1976. Located at Bharuch in an extremely prosperous industrial belt, GNFC draws on the resources of the natural wealth of the land as well as the industrially rich reserves of the area.

GNFC started its manufacturing and marketing operations by setting up in 1982, one of the world's largest single-stream ammonia-urea fertilizer complexes. Over the next few years, GNFC successfully commissioned different projects - in fields as diverse as chemicals, fertilizers, and electronics.

Since its inception, GNFC has worked towards extensive growth as a corporation. A growth that respects the environment and springs from the progressive vision of GNFC.GNFC today has extended its profile much beyond fertilizers through a process of horizontal integration. Chemicals/Petrochemicals, Energy Sector, Electronics/Telecommunications, and Information Technology form ambitious and challenging additions to its corporate portfolio. GNFC has an enterprising, strategic view towards expansion and diversification."
Koye Pharmaceuti...,3.4,(133 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 22 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The company gets its name from the ‘seed of the mango fruit'. The rationale behind the name is as refreshing as the enigmatic fruit itself.The Mango tree goes beyond just being a source for mangoes. It's a beautiful, living thing that gives back so much to the planet and the people who tend it. The foliage is known to purify the air, better, than most other plants and thus has a religious significance.Mango is called the king of fruits not just for its epicurean taste and vibrant yellow colour, but also for the array of health benefits it offers. The fruit keeps cholesterol in check, alkalizes the body, aids weight loss, strengthens the immune system, reduces formation of kidney stones, the leaves regulate diabetes, the rind of the fruit is used to cleanse skin…the list of benefits is endless.Our company idolizes every part of the Mango tree and therefore celebrates its seed, in the form of its name - KOYE.Koye endeavours to go the extra mile – to anticipate the needs of the people and provide unparalleled care that exceeds expectations. It is poised to grow in magnitude, steering towards a healthier and happier world. It is committed to heal, cure and provide general wellbeing and happiness"
Teleone,3.3,(133 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 15 more",25 years old,51-200 Employees (India),Teleone Consumers Product Pvt. Ltd. is one of the eminent teleshopping companies in India. We have established a team to look after the marketing and supply the products all over the world.
Hyderabad Metro ...,3.8,(133 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 3 more,13 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),Hyderabad Metro Rail (HMR) is the world’s largest Public-Private Partnership (PPP) project in the Metro rail sector. Metro rail and other forms of Mass Rapid Transport System (MRTS) are emerging as prominent infrastructure requirement offering a viable solution to the transportation woes that accompany urban expansion. Hyderabad Metro Rail (HMR) Project is an integrated urban transport development project with inter-modal connectivity and convenient sky walks that will mark the beginning of an era of seamless commuting across Hyderabad.
Vini Cosmetics,4.2,(133 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 37 more",14 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"VINI Internationalis an entrepreneurial venture started by Mr. Darshan Patel , the DNA of Paras Pharmaceuticals ltd, instrumental in creating great brands like Moov, D’Cold, Set Wet, Ring Guard and Dermi Coolof which most of them were leaders in their respective categories. In December 2010,Reckitt Benkiser Group (RB) bought over Paras Pharmaceuticals Ltd (Paras) for US $850 million."
Azure Hospitalit...,4.4,(133 Reviews),Private,"Delhi,NCT + 8 more",14 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"AZURE hospitality is an initiative aimed at creating business within the food & beverage and accommodation sectors, founded in March of 2009. Each business has a distinct mix of cutting edge, intrinsic quality, international appeal and is value for money driven. We look at them not as business as a collection of individuals characters, each with its own personality that sets it apart amongst competition."
Knack Global,3.6,(133 Reviews),Woodbridge + 6 more,16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Knack Global is a leading-edge expert in services that helps healthcare business to leverage their core competencies while we optimize their RCM functionality. We position our brand as a comprehensive solution that offers revenue cycle management, IT and staffing solutions. Powered with best in class technology and a competent team of professionals, we are proficient in meeting your dynamic needs. Functioning across hospitals, health systems, physician groups, DMEPOS Suppliers, surgical & ambulatory care centers and dental practices; Knack Global has been serving industry leaders for over a decade. Operationally active across the US, Knack Global is a leading RCM expert with comprehensive domain knowledge, process optimization, operational efficiency, and cost minimization. Our services have been value-creating for Fortune 500 organizations. We have been trusted partners in leading healthcare companies in the United States.

Our processes are built on the paradigm of extensive experience in building systems that focus on increasing revenue and enhancing cash flow. Healthcare is an ever-changing industry that has cross-functionality between providing medical services, insurance providers and compliances. We are intensively experienced in this structure and know the best practices to optimize it. Knack Global focusses on creating results by using innovation, service excellence and value creation.

We believe in collaborating with our clients and become their partner for achieving business objectives. Enabling them to focus on their core competency of providing quality medical care, we empower them with operational excellence, enhanced operating margins, and better cash flow."
HSBC Global Bank...,3.9,(133 Reviews),Public,"Canary Wharf,London + 8 more",32 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),Global Banking and Markets exists to help clients make the most of these opportunities. We take the time to gain a deep understanding of our clients' financial requirements and business goals in order to deliver a seamless service through a global network of relationship managers and product specialists.
Triveni Turbines,4.0,(133 Reviews),Public,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 9 more",55 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Triveni Turbine Limited (TTL ) is a leading original equipment manufacturer of steam turbines in sub 30MWe range.These steam turbines are used for power generation in industries -Sugar, Steel, Pulp and Paper, Textiles, Palm Oil, Food processing,IPP,Chemical,others. Triveni's joint venture with GE Oil and Gas manufactures and supplies steam turbines above 30MWe to 100MWe capacity. Two state of the art manufacturing facilities located in Bengaluru,India,can manufacture more than 200 steam turbines annually. An installed base of over 3500 steam turbine units in more than 70 countries creates total power generation capacity of above 13,000MWe. Strong service team of 150 engineers are available round the clock to answer our customer queries related to the turbine island.Triveni can refurbish any make of turbine upto 100MWe."
MAQ Software,2.5,(133 Reviews),Private,Redmond + 4 more,23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We specialize in Data Management and Reporting to help business users support their intuition with data. Our customers repeatedly tell us that based on the number of projects completed and volume of data processed using Azure Data Lake, COSMOS, Power BI and Azure, we are one of the most advanced suppliers at their company.

MAQ Software has worked closely with marketing, operations, and product groups across Fortune 500 companies. More than 50,000 Product, Sales, and Marketing Managers around the globe use custom applications (both on-premise and Cloud hosted), Line-of-Business (LOB), and Data Analytics & Business Intelligence (BI) solutions created and managed by us."
Jaypee Hotels,4.3,(133 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 11 more",43 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"About UsAOUT JAYPEE GROUPTransforming challenges into opportunities has been the hallmark of the Jaypee Group, ever since its inception five decades ago. The Group is a diversified infrastructure conglomerate with interests in:Engineering & ConstructionCementPowerReal Estate and ExpresswaysFertilizerHospitalityHealth CareSportsEducation (not-for-profit)Information TechnologySocial CommitmentsEnvironmentENGINEERING & CONSTRUCTIONThe Engineering and Construction wing of the Group is an acknowledged leader in the construction of multi-purpose River Valley and Hydropower projects. It has the unique distinction of having simultaneously executed 13 Hydropower projects spread across 6 states and the neighboring country Bhutan for generating 10,290 MW power.The Group has been assigned “CR1” grade by ICRA Ltd. indicating very “strong contract execution capacity with best prospects of timely completion of projects, without cost overruns for projects with average value of Rs. 2500 crore.” It is the only Group in India, which pre-qualifies on its own for the bidding of various projects that are awarded in the country.A leader in Engineering and Construction of Hydropower projects in India, the Group has the largest market share in the Indian Hydropower, E&C and EPC sector having participated in 54% of Hydropower projects developed in 10th 5-Year Plan in different capacities.Jaiprakash Associates Limited ( JAL) is the only integrated solution provider for Hydropower projects in the country with a track record of strong project implementation in different capacities and has participated in projects that have added over 8840 MW of Hydroelectricity to the National grid between 2002 to 2009. (AN UNPARALLELED FEATURE IN INDIAN POWER SECTOR)The Group also has the distinction of executing three out of five Hydropower projects contracted on an EPC basis in the country till March 2009. Two of these, 300 MW Chamera - II and 520 MW Omkareshwar, were completed ahead of schedule.Jaiprakash Associates Ltd. is currently executing four contracts relating to construction of the 1020 MW Punatsangchhu II Hydro- Electric Project and 750 MW Mangdechhu HEP, both in Bhutan. These hydro-electric projects are being jointly implemented by the Royal Government of Bhutan and the Government of India.The 900 MW Baglihar (Stage-I and II) Hydroelectric project in Jammu & Kashmir, has been set up in the challenging environment of the State with 22 million cubic meters of concrete, has been the largest EPC project executed in the country in Hydropower sector, so far.The key non-EPC projects completed across India are -1450 MW Sardar Sarovar Project, the largest water resource project in India,1000 MW Tehri Dam, Asia's highest rockfill dam.1000 MW Indira Sagar Power House, second largest surface power house in the country.1500 MW Nathpa Jhakri Power House, the largest underground power house in the country.The in-house Design and Consultancy Company, Jaypee Infra Ventures (JIV), gives JAL a competitive edge over its rivals. The design and engineering arm has been awarded “CT1” grade by ICRA with CIDC (The Construction Industry Development Council). This is the highest rating assigned to consultants in the field of Engineering.CEMENTJaypee Group is the 3rd largest cement producer in the country. The group produces special blend of Portland Pozzolana Cement under the brand name ‘Jaypee Cement’ (PPC). Its cement division currently operates modern, computerized process control cement plants with an aggregate capacity of 31.5 MnTPA and Captive Thermal Power plants totaling 672 MW.POWERThe Group has three operational power plants - 400 MW Vishnuprayg Hydro electric Power Plant in Uttarakhand , 500 MW – Phase I (of 1200 MW) Jaypee Bina Thermal Power Plant in Madhya Pradesh and 1320 MW Jaypee Nigrie Super Thermal Plant in Nigrie, District, Singrauli, Madhya Pradesh.In addition, with 3200 MW projects (2700 MW Lower Siang & 500 MW Hirong ) coming up in Arunachal Pradesh and 720 MW (270 MW Umngot and 450 MW Kynshi Stage –II) in Meghalaya, the Group will have total hydropower generation capacity of over 5600 MW by 2020.The Group is executing 3300 MW (5 x 660 MW) Bara Thermal Power project in UP. Unit I has been commissioned.The Group has also successfully implemented a Transmission system associated with 1000 MW Karcham Wangtoo Hydroelectric project. The Transmission project consists of a 217-kilometre-long transmission line between Wangtoo in Himachal Pradesh and Abdullapur in Haryana.REAL ESTATE AND EXPRESSWAYSThe Group is a pioneer in the development of India’s first golf centric Real Estate. Jaypee Greens - a world class fully integrated complex consists of an 18 hole Greg Norman Golf Course. Stretching over 452 acres, it also includes residences, commercial spaces, corporate park, entertainment and nature in abundance .Jaypee Greens also launched its second project in Noida in November 2007. India’s First Wish Town, is an Integrated Township spread over 1162 acres of land comprising one 18 hole and two 9 hole golf facility & world class residences.The Group has constructed 165 km long , 6 lane Yamuna Expressway project stretching from Noida to Agra . Ribbon development on 6175 acres at five or more locations along the expressway for commercial, industrial, institutional, residential and amusement purposes, will also be undertaken as an integral part of the project.FERTILIZERThe fertilizer plant situated in Panki , Kanpur is one of the oldest Urea manufacturing plant in the country with an installed capacity of 7.22 lac MT per annum.The Group started Urea production in June 2013 and the product is sold in the brand name of ""Jaypee Chaand Chaap Urea"" which enjoys a very high degree of acceptance amongst the farming community. The plant was successfully converted to gas based, from Naptha and currently prills urea by using the latest in technology. The company has also entered into the value added agri inputs space by marketing speciality inputs like Micro nutrients, Zinc sulphate Mono hydrate and organic manure under the flagship brand of Jaypee Chand chaap.HOSPITALITYThe Group’s hospitality business owns and operates 5 properties spread across New Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand. Four Five Star Hotels, two in New Delhi and one each in Agra and Mussoorie have a total capacity of 644 rooms. Another 5 star luxury with state-of-the-art resort and SPA at Greater Noida with 170 living spaces making it a viable destination for corporate, entrepreneurs, expats , business and leisure stays.HEALTH CAREWith the vision of promoting world-class health care amongst the masses by providing quality and affordable medical care with commitment the Jaypee Hospital has been constructed. The hospital has been planned as a 1200 bedded tertiary care multi-speciality facility and has currently commissioned 525 beds in the first phase.SPORTSThe Group hosted India’s first ever Formula One TM Grand Prix on 30th October, 2011. In addition to F1, the track is also expected to host other top-level international motorsports events.EDUCATION“People of resources must contribute towards making a better tomorrow for all”. Shri Jaiprakash Gaur ji, Founder Chairman of the Group firmly believes that quality education on an affordable basis is the biggest service which, as a corporate citizen, we can provide. Education is the cornerstone to economic development and the strength of 1 billion Indians can be channelized by education alone to build India into a developed nation.The Group currently provides education across all spectrum of the learning curve through 32 Schools, 6 ITIs, 1 Polytechnic, 1 Post Graduate College, 1 B.Ed College and 4 Universities catering to learning of over 30,000 students.INFORMATION TECHNOLOGYWe are living in an era of information driven enterprise. Focus is consistently placed on automation techniques that increase the productivity and profitability of an enterprise with reduced costs across various functional heads. IT is an enabler in this context. This is the vision with which JIL Information Technology Limited (JILIT) the IT arm of the Group operates. The offerings encompass a diverse range of areas such as IT Infrastructure Management, Networking & Communication, Multimedia & Content Development Services, E-learning and Software Solutions. JILIT is today partnering with leading IT companies such as IBM and CISCO.JILIT’s design & development of software & content is ISO 9001:2008 certified and the information security management system & data centre operations is attested by ISO 27001:2005.SOCIAL COMMITMENTSThe Group has always believed in “growth with a humane face” and to fulfill its obligations it has set up Jaiprakash Sewa Sansthan (JSS), a ‘not-for-profit trust’ which primarily serves the objectives of socio – economic development, reducing the pain and distress in society.For over 5 decades now, Jaypee Group has supported the socio-economic development of the local environment in which it operates and ensured that the economically and educationally challenged strata around the work surroundings are also benefited from the Group’s growth by providing education, medical and other facilities for local development.The Group also undertakes Comprehensive Rural Development Program (CRDP) which covers a wide range of projects such as free medical camps, health check-ups for village school children, literacy campaigns like Balwadis for young boys and girls, safe drinking water supply, creating huge water reservoirs in different villages, self employment which includes tailoring classes for women and animal husbandry. Some other important activities undertaken include the renovation of old temples, other schools and hospital buildings in the adjoining adopted villages.ENVIRONMENT""Every time we borrow from nature, we return it with interest.""We at Jaypee believe that harmony between man and his environment is the prime essence of healthy life and living. The sustenance of our ecological balance is therefore of paramount importance.Efforts are made to conserve ecological balance without any harm done to the local flora and fauna. The Group has also taken green initiatives, afforestation drives, resources conservation, water conservation, air quality control and noise pollution control and created a “green oasis’’ amidst the limestone belt at the cement complex in Rewa.Last but not the least, “as a Group we remain committed to strategic business development in infrastructure, as the key to nation building in the 21st century. We aim for perfection in everything we undertake and we have a commitment to excel. It is the determination to transform every challenge into opportunity; to seize every opportunity to ensure growth and grow with humane face; that drives us”."
Lamprell,4.3,(133 Reviews),Dubai + 5 more,47 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),N/A,"Lamprell is a key player in the renewables and oil & gas energy markets with over 40 years’ experience delivering world class projects. We design and provide assets and services that help our clients to produce energy safely, efficiently and cost-effectively.

Lamprell provides engineering, procurement, construction and other contracting services to the energy industries. We build high-quality complex onshore and offshore process modules, platforms and wind farm foundations for our clients, and hold leading market positions in jackup rig and liftboat projects. We also deliver land rigs, rig refurbishment projects, and provide related oil & gas contracting services.

We serve clients from many international locations and our business model is designed to be flexible and resilient enough to be able to support this broad customer base and deliver sustainable and profitable performance over the long term."
L&T Infrastructu...,4.0,(133 Reviews),Chennai + 11 more,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Karam Industries,4.1,(133 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 17 more",25 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"KARAM is India’s one of the leading Personal Protective Equipment Manufacturing enterprises and is rated as one of the finest Indian companies providing world-class PPE. KARAM ranks as the number one Company in the field of Personal Safety in the country, and as one of the top ten Fall Protection manufacturing companies in the World.KARAM is deeply committed to protecting the lives of millions of workers working in the industrial environment all across the globe.The clear vision of providing the highest level of quality in products and services through sustained efforts in the field of innovation, process control, customer reach, and training has lead KARAM to become a highly respected Brand in the safety industry. For all Training and Product Needs please reach us through email or phone number given below"
Teletext Holiday...,3.6,(133 Reviews),Private,London + 2 more,31 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Teletext Holidays is 3rd largest travel service provider in UK and has been sending Brits on long and short haul vacations across the Globe for over 25 years.We provide great value holidays at affordable prices and year after year hundreds of thousands of holidaymakers trust us to whisk them away to their favorite destinations. With a huge choice of hotels, airlines, transfers and holiday deals, we pride ourselves on providing great getaways. All of our holidays are ATOL protected, so our customers can book with confidence and trust they'll be handled with care by one of the UK's favorite and longest established travel companies. Teletext's talent force has grown above 700 in India and plays a number of key roles for the company's technology development, sales, digital marketing and People Development teams based out of our Hyderabad center. With an increased focus on customer experience and innovative technologies, along with a growing team, it's an exciting time for talent to join Teletext India - as we want you to be part of our success story!"
Outworx Solution...,3.6,(133 Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 14 more",20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"OutworX is a leading provider of Cloud, Mobility, Social and Analytics solutions to small and large enterprises. Our multi-domain experience enables us to integrate best practices from various industries to develop innovative solutions best suited for business needs. OutworX has designed, developed and implemented solutions for complex business flows including PCI compliant payment gateways, Point of Sale solutions, Mobile Consumer Applications, integration solutions with third party web services, external legacy databases and more."
Global Calcium,3.8,(133 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 2 more",53 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"As an EU-GMP certified global company and an established hallmark for pharmaceutical standards, Global Calcium has stood the test of time since its inception in 1979 as Calcium India. Today, Global Calcium represents the true hallmark of quality when it comes to pharmaceutical products."
Kovai Medical Ce...,4.4,(133 Reviews),Public,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 6 more",38 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"KMCH is the most trusted Multispecialty Hospital in the Southern Indian City of Coimbatore. ... KMCH has established its name in multiple specialties such as its: ... Multi Organ Transplant Center – Heart & Lung, Liver, Kidney and Bone Marrow. ... Select your Center, KOVAI MEDICAL CENTER AND HOSPITAL LTD."
Balasore Alloys,3.4,(133 Reviews),Public,"Balasore,Odisha + 9 more",39 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Balasore Alloys, formerly Ispat Alloys Limited is part of the renowned Ispat group of Companies, a major business house in the country, promoted by the Mittals. The group’s companies are spread across six countries including Libya, Bosnia, Philippines, Azerbaijan and Uzbekistan. India Ltd.

Balasore Alloys was incorporated in the year 1984 at Balasore, Orissa and at present it has 5 furnaces with total capacity of 72 MVA to produce 1,50,000 MT bulk Ferro Alloys per annum. With multiple furnaces of different capacities, the company has the flexibility to produce different types of Ferro Alloys as per market dynamics. This adds to the competitive advantage of the organization as different product mix can be maintained at the same time even with low quantity. BAL is one of the very few Ferro Alloys manufacturing companies in the country having captive mines and this is a major competitive advantage since availability of Chrome ore is very uncertain and the price is also exorbitant. Other raw materials are sourced from both Domestic and International Markets. The products of the company enjoy international reputation. 

The company has IMS( Integrated Management System) Certification for its Plant  and also international certification for plat  DIN(German Certification), JIS ( Japanese Certification)  and ISO-9002 for its Mines in Jajpur, Orissa. Various modern management initiatives like Six Sigma, TPM, Supply Chain Management and Performance Management Systems are in place to promote excellence in all areas and improve the overall efficiency of the company."
Aksentt Tech Ser...,4.5,(133 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 5 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Aksentt Established in 2007, Aksentt Tech has come a long way in IT sector carving a niche for itself by maintaining high quality standards and workmanship best suited to our client needs. Our cost-effective technological expertise and industry knowledge has established long-term partnerships with our customers making us a premier IT & Telecom service provider.
 With an experienced team of Network Engineers, Programmers & GIS Engineers we provide a reliable, secure ITES & Network services using our world-class infrastructure, knowledge and processes. 
 Aksentt Tech is proud to be part of the prestigious BharatNet Phase II, a project envisioned by the Government of India to digitally connect all the Gram Panchayats (GPs) & villages of India. ITI-Aksentt consortium has bagged two packages A and C Mahanet order valued Rs 3000 Cr for implementation of BharatNet Phase II to provide high-speed digital connectivity of the internet in rural areas at a very affordable price. We are connecting 12,512 Gram Panchayats, installing 44,000 kms of optical cable length which is more than entire circumference of the earth. This has transformed the lives of millions of villagers by giving them access to high speed data connectivity enhancing tremendous development in education, medical & infrastructure facilities. Our vision is digital transformation of India, making it digitally empowered & knowledge economy in conformity with ‘Digital India’ program. 
 Aksentt Tech Services Limited is appraised at level 5 of CMMI Institutes Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI-DEV and SVC Level 5). We give preference to TelecomVersity certifications that provides easy access to employment opportunities in telecom sector through innovative training and certification for youths in rural areas. The achievement of PCMM Level 5 rating places Aksentt Tech amongst very elite group of leading global organizations.
 Aksentt Tech's mission statement is customer satisfaction and long-term relationship, responsibility to the community and employee satisfaction. The company's core values have become the objectives necessary to create a positive corporate culture. For more information on our site visit https://www.aksenttechserv.com"
Ebix Payment Ser...,3.9,(133 Reviews),Noida + 31 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Innoval Digital ...,4.6,(133 Reviews),Private,"Trivandrum/Thiruvananthapuram,Kerala + 2 more",26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"A new age high tech enterprise application software company, helps companies of all sizes and industries thro digital transformation, innovation through simplification by providing various products from the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device.Company has been formed as a merged entity of various existing business division/companies having history of global businesses, partnership with SAP, certified products, India localization-based solutions, mobility, cloud integration, remote support and delivery thro offshore/onsite consulting.Our various suites of products and services enables digital transformation and innovation to businesses."
GITAM University,4.1,(132 Reviews),Private,Visakhapatnam + 4 more,43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Gandhi Institute of Technology and Management, popularly known as GITAM, was founded in 1980 by an inspired group of eminent intellectuals and industrialists of Andhra Pradesh led by Dr. M. V. V. S. Murthi, former Member of Parliament and popular philanthropist. The vision of MAHATMA, the Father of the Nation was to see India as a socially and economically resurgent country and he looked upon education as an important means to achieve this goal. Gandhiji’s view of education was not narrow or sectarian. He envisaged universities as institutions of higher learning that transcend all linguistic, racial and other barriers. GITAM is committed to imbibe his values and abide by his philosophy."
Sun Direct TV,4.3,(132 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 31 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sun Direct, one of the fastest growing DTH service providers in the country, having garnered 16+ million subscribers since its inception in December 2007, aims to become one of the leading players in the DTH space. Sun Direct transmits digital satellite television signals across the length and breadth of India.

Sun Direct is the first to have adopted the advanced MPEG-4 technology that offers better compression and signal quality. It is also the first to have offered High Definition (HD) content, for a whole new television viewing experience. Today, Sun Direct DTH has spreaded rapidly all over the country and offers the best entertainment value in regional content coupled with advanced yet affordable products like set top boxes with USB recordings."
inTarvo Technolo...,3.8,(132 Reviews),Private,Noida + 16 more,28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"inTarvo stands for our core ideology of Delivering Value (inT+arvo=Integration + Value). We are industry leaders with proven expertise in providing multi-channel contact centre services from our state of the art delivery centre at Noida and Bangalore. Our 1000+ employees’ strong workforce has the required expertise to provide multi lingual support and give a customer enriching experience. Our Domain expertise in varied industries such as Electronic consumer durable, home entertainment, technology, telecom, retail and E-commerce empowers us to understand the customer’s pulse from all walks of life.

•	inTarvo is a leading 3rd party BPO service provider for the past 21 years to top Indian and International organizations. 
•	We are the Leaders in Customer Lifecycle Management & Centralized Order Fulfilment. 
•	For our clients, we are providing multilingual, 24 x 7 customer service, tech-support & back-end support for their end to end business process needs. 
•	Consecutively, over the years we have been awarded as the “BEST DOMESTIC BPO OF THE YEAR”. 
•	We are employing over 1,000 employees in our 2 internationally styled & spaced delivery centre facilities in NOIDA & BANGALORE. 

Our strong leadership team provides strategic direction to the company, and is responsible for managing the day to day operations efficiently ensuring quality and on time delivery of services to the existing large client base and at the same time growing new business relationships with new clients.

Our greatest assets are our skilled and experienced personnel. inTarvo strives to provide great career opportunities in an employee-friendly environment in which goal-oriented individuals thrive as they achieve demanding challenges."
Entab Infotech,3.0,(132 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 8 more",22 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"""We Help Schools Improve Their Efficiency, Productivity, and Reputation.""​ 

Founded 20 years ago, Entab Infotech Pvt Ltd, New Delhi, is an India-based Software Development Company specializing in providing School Management Software. and Mobile Apps.

Trusted by more than 1,500 schools across India and overseas, we are considered India's Most Preferred School Management Software. 

With a team of more than 500 members, we are spread across 27 states."
Asian Institute ...,4.1,(132 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 11 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Asian Institute of Medical Sciences (A Unit of Blue Sapphire Health Care) is located at ""Badkal Flyover Road Opposite C. P Office, Faridabad"". This hospital belongs to Haryana state of India. The pin code of Badkal Flyover Road Opposite C. P Office is 121001. The STD code of this area is 0129 and the phone number of Asian Institute of Medical Sciences (A Unit of Blue Sapphire Health Care Private Limited) is +91-129-425-3020. The fax number for this hospital is +91-129-425-3018."
Vedika Credit Ca...,4.1,(132 Reviews),Public,"Ranchi,Jharkhand + 30 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Vedika Credit Capital Limited""​ was incorporated on 15th March 1995 as a Private Limited Company. In November 1995, the status of the company was changed from Private Limited Company to Public Limited Company to enhance the scale of operations."
MJ Biopharm,3.7,(132 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 5 more",36 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"MJ Biopharm Pvt Ltd. M J Biopharm Private Limited was founded in 1987. The company's line of business includes the manufacturing, fabricating, or processing of drugs in pharmaceutical preparations for human or veterinary use."
Sunshine Hospita...,4.3,(132 Reviews),Private,"Secunderabad,Andhra Pradesh + 10 more",14 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Sunshine is the best Hospital in Hyderabad with 30 plus specialities and more than 500 plus beds. The Hospital has been set up to offer qualitative care to all its patients. When it comes to quality tertiary care facilities across all the specialities, Sunshine Hospitals is the best multi speciality hospital in Hyderabad. By proving quality care for more than a decade, Sunshine Hospitals has been transformed into one of the most trusted and top-rated hospitals in Hyderabad. Top-notch medical experts and physicians provide world-class care collaboratively as a team in a patient-friendly environment with a focus on clinical excellence, patients’ safety & dignity, transparency & affordability and accessibility of quality care to every patient.

Sunshine Hospitals is promoted by globally reputed Joint Replacement Surgeon, Dr. AV Gurava Reddy. It was founded in May 2009 by Dr. Gurava Reddy, with a vision to create a world-class medical facility, wherein patients are treated with compassion. The dynamic and visionary leadership of Dr. Reddy ensured rapid growth of the hospital and earned the coveted NABH accreditation from the highest body of accreditation in India. Among the top hospitals in Hyderabad that offer care across multiple specialities, Sunshine has gained a prominent place and emerged as the top multispeciality Hospitals. When it comes to orthopedic care, Sunshine Hospitals is the best orthopedic Hospital in Hyderabad.  Sunshine has now become the second largest Joint Replacement Centre in South East Asia as patients from as far as Canada, USA, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Iran and majority of the African countries are being treated here."
GITAM University,4.1,(132 Reviews),Private,Visakhapatnam + 4 more,43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Gandhi Institute of Technology and Management, popularly known as GITAM, was founded in 1980 by an inspired group of eminent intellectuals and industrialists of Andhra Pradesh led by Dr. M. V. V. S. Murthi, former Member of Parliament and popular philanthropist. The vision of MAHATMA, the Father of the Nation was to see India as a socially and economically resurgent country and he looked upon education as an important means to achieve this goal. Gandhiji’s view of education was not narrow or sectarian. He envisaged universities as institutions of higher learning that transcend all linguistic, racial and other barriers. GITAM is committed to imbibe his values and abide by his philosophy."
Entab Infotech,3.0,(132 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 8 more",22 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"""We Help Schools Improve Their Efficiency, Productivity, and Reputation.""​ 

Founded 20 years ago, Entab Infotech Pvt Ltd, New Delhi, is an India-based Software Development Company specializing in providing School Management Software. and Mobile Apps.

Trusted by more than 1,500 schools across India and overseas, we are considered India's Most Preferred School Management Software. 

With a team of more than 500 members, we are spread across 27 states."
BMA Wealth Creat...,3.6,(132 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 29 more",18 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),A premier financial services organisation providing individual and corporates with customized financial solutions.
Vedika Credit Ca...,4.1,(132 Reviews),Public,"Ranchi,Jharkhand + 30 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"""Vedika Credit Capital Limited""​ was incorporated on 15th March 1995 as a Private Limited Company. In November 1995, the status of the company was changed from Private Limited Company to Public Limited Company to enhance the scale of operations."
M & M Financial ...,4.0,(132 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 46 more,32 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Mahindra Finance began as a captive financier of Mahindra Utility Vehicles in the early 90s. From Mahindra UVs to tractors to non-Mahindra products, the company has diversified into a financial services provider with a whole suite of financial solutions tailored to the under-served customer in under-penetrated rural markets.

Our product portfolio consists of vehicle finance, which includes financing of passenger vehicles, utility vehicles, tractors, commercial vehicles, construction equipment; and pre-owned vehicles and SME finance, which includes project finance, equipment finance, working capital finance and bill discounting services to SMEs. The company also undertakes mutual fund distribution, fixed deposits and personal loans tailor-made to suit its unique customer set.

With over 33,000 employees, Mahindra Finance has a presence in every state in India and a footprint in 85% of its districts. It serves customers in more than 3, 60,000 villages– that’s one in every two villages in the country.

Since inception, Mahindra Finance has served as a positive change agent catering to the financial needs of millions in rural and semi-urban India. Its deep connection with the customers and their evolving needs has been the key to its growth and success. The company has thus pioneered several innovative financial solutions tailor-made to the earning patterns of the unique “Earn and Pay” segment that it serves.

Our endeavour to stay deeply connected with the customer begins with our recruitment strategy. We consciously recruit employees at the local level, rather than appoint them from cities and depute them to rural branches.

Our employees speak the local language, are connected to the land, its people, and understand the local challenges. This connect also helps us anticipate market needs and business trends and enables us to respond with the right combination of products and solutions.

Through our subsidiary, Mahindra Insurance Brokers Limited (MIBL), we provide life and non-life insurance products through tie-ups with various leading insurance companies. Another one of our subsidiaries Mahindra Rural Housing Finance provides loans for home construction, extension, purchase and improvement to customers in rural and semi-urban India. Mahindra Asset Management Company offers a variety of mutual fund schemes, with a special focus in rural and semi urban areas. Interestingly, its Mutual Fund schemes have been launched with Hindi names, so that investors in rural areas understand the objectives of the schemes better.

Mahindra Finance is the only Non-Banking Financial Company from India to be listed on Dow Jones Sustainability Index in Emerging Market Category. Mahindra Finance has been ranked in Top 15 India's Best Workplaces to Work in BFSI, 2018 by Great Place to Work® Institute India. We have also been recognized as Aon Best Employer 2017 and Best BFSI Brands 2018 by The Economic Times."
Enzen Global Sol...,4.1,(132 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 11 more,17 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Enzen is a global knowledge practice that provides consulting, technology, engineering, management and innovation services to leading businesses, governments, non-governmental organisations and not-for-profits. We focus on gaining, refining and sharing expertise in the energy and utility sector, then provide strategic advice and implement outcome-driven solutions. Working with customers across the utility value chain, we deliver sustainable and lasting improvements to their efficiency and performance, adding value to their bottom line."
MJ Biopharm,3.7,(132 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 5 more",36 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"MJ Biopharm Pvt Ltd. M J Biopharm Private Limited was founded in 1987. The company's line of business includes the manufacturing, fabricating, or processing of drugs in pharmaceutical preparations for human or veterinary use."
Teamspace Financ...,4.3,(132 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 46 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"TeamSpace was founded in 2004 as a Sales Support setup to many customers who were then seeking this service from the Group. In about 6 years of Inception, TeamSpace started supporting it’s customers in the pay-out & compliance management of their personnel as well as vendors. These business lines have grown steadily and exponentially over the years and TeamSpace now services leading and renowned players in the BFSI & Other segments for these services across the country. Today, TeamSpace boasts of it’s expanding people presence in about 250+ locations across the country while being headquartered at Mumbai."
Balaji Action Bu...,4.0,(132 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 12 more",33 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Action Group, one of India’s Largest business house came into existence in the early 1970’s, under the aegis of Shri Mange Ram Aggarwal- a Leader, a Visionary and a Philanthropist.The Group began its operations by stepping into the footwear industry with Action Shoes which soon became a household selling name. Propelled by the spirit of constant growth and innovation, backed by commitment to excellence, the Group is today a multi-dimensional company with a strong presence in sectors as diverse as – Footwear, Electronics (Microtek), Real Estate, Chemicals, Flex Manufacturing, Coal Mining, MDF & Particle Board.

Anticipating future increased market demand for MDF, The Group diversified itself and laid its manufacturing MDF/HDHMR & Particle Board and their allied value added products namely Pre-laminated Particle Board, MDF, & HDHMR, HDF Laminate Wooden Flooring, Embossed HDF, UV Coated Panel, Acrylic Hi Gloss Boards, HDHMR Doors under the brand name Action TESA. A combination of technical superiority combined with a wide range of designs spread across a rich palette make Action TESA products an ideal choice.

Action TESA has the distinction of installing India’s 1st and only 8th generation Contiroll from Seimpelkamp GmbH & Co., Germany. With this expansion Action TESA becomes the biggest MDF manufacturer in India having Annual Production Capacity of 5,11,000 CBM thus leaving no stone unturned in retaining No. 1 position in Panel Industry.Action TESA has many milestones to its credit. It has installed first thin MDF/HDF plant in India and is the largest company in Panel Industry of India. The company has also introduced in India DOME Technology unique to every product. It has the distinction of having installed first True HDF Based Laminate Wooden Flooring manufacturing facility in India. The company has to its credit introducing UV High Gloss Panel for the first time in India."
Anlage Infotech,4.1,(132 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 11 more",27 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Anlage (pronounced as an-lej), is an IT services company, since 1996, offering: 
1) Workforce Solutions
2) Cloud and Mobile Development Services;
3) Managed Solutions

Our workforce solutions division has had the unique distinction of conducting over 200,000 pan India searches for over 250+ clients across 8+ industry verticals. For quite a few of our clients we have placed over 600+lateral; candidates in just one financial year (exp. range 6 -12 years). Our deployed staff have completed over 15,000+ man months of contract programming services.  

We have deployed cloud based retail management product, capable of handling 1 million simultaneous transactions, across 250 pan-India locations for major retail brands.  

We have also assisted in relieving our clients of complete process responsibilities by providing end-to-end managed solutions. 

Essentially, we inspire fresh and innovative expertise to create a whole new way to work.  Say Hello to ANLAGE."
Amrutanjan Healt...,3.9,(132 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 23 more",130 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Being pioneers of pain and congestion management since 1893, at Amrutanjan we believe that caring for people's wellbeing is a dutiful task that truly touches millions of lives, and a sustainable business too. For our global consumers we effectively blend nature's pure, trusted extracts with scientific research to derive deep action products that have no side effects."
Asian Institute ...,4.1,(132 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 11 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Asian Institute of Medical Sciences (A Unit of Blue Sapphire Health Care) is located at ""Badkal Flyover Road Opposite C. P Office, Faridabad"". This hospital belongs to Haryana state of India. The pin code of Badkal Flyover Road Opposite C. P Office is 121001. The STD code of this area is 0129 and the phone number of Asian Institute of Medical Sciences (A Unit of Blue Sapphire Health Care Private Limited) is +91-129-425-3020. The fax number for this hospital is +91-129-425-3018."
Uttam Value Stee...,4.0,(132 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 5 more,49 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Uttam Value Steels Ltd. started with the modest beginning with fabrication unit in the year 1974 and thereafter expanded rapidly.

The rapid growth has been resulted with backward and forward integration within the group companies and using modern technology so to bring in high levels of efficiency."
Harley-Davidson,4.3,(132 Reviews),Private,"Milwaukee,Wisconsin + 26 more",120 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Harley-Davidson, Inc., H-D, or Harley, is an American motorcycle manufacturer founded in 1903 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It was one of two major American motorcycle manufacturers to survive the Great Depression, along with Indian."
Sun Direct TV,4.3,(132 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 31 more",16 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Sun Direct, one of the fastest growing DTH service providers in the country, having garnered 16+ million subscribers since its inception in December 2007, aims to become one of the leading players in the DTH space. Sun Direct transmits digital satellite television signals across the length and breadth of India.

Sun Direct is the first to have adopted the advanced MPEG-4 technology that offers better compression and signal quality. It is also the first to have offered High Definition (HD) content, for a whole new television viewing experience. Today, Sun Direct DTH has spreaded rapidly all over the country and offers the best entertainment value in regional content coupled with advanced yet affordable products like set top boxes with USB recordings."
MUNDRA SOLAR TEC...,4.1,(132 Reviews),Ahmedabad + 8 more,8 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Mundra Solar Techno Park Limited (MSTPL) is a special purpose vehicle formed to develop solar manufacturing eco system at Mundra SEZ, including ancillaries. Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone Limited (APSEZ) is chief promoters of MSTPL. APSEZ is part of the US$11 bn Adani Group with interests across resources -coal mining and trading; logistics- ports and logistics, shipping and rail; energy - renewable, thermal power generation and transmission; agro commodities and ancillary industries.

MSTPL is developing a Solar Manufacturing Zone as a part of Electronics Manufacturing Cluster at Mundra SEZ, Mundra, Gujarat.

MSTPL aims at contributing to India’s renewable energy goals by building essential infrastructure required by solar equipment manufacturers facilitate their setting up of manufacturing unit at Mundra."
Sanghi Cement,3.7,(132 Reviews),Ahmedabad + 10 more,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Childline India ...,4.5,(132 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 49 more,27 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"CHILDLINE first started as a field action project of the Department of Family and Child Welfare, Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS) Mumbai, in June 1996. It was founded by Ms. Jeroo Billimoria, then a professor at TISS.

Ms. Billimoria started to interact with children staying on railway stations or at Mumbai's night shelters. Slowly, children in crisis began to contact her at any time of night and day. Although Ms Billimoria found validation in her work while answering and responding to the calls of children in need, she realised that it was not possible for her to respond to the hundreds of children who needed help.

She realised that a tele-helpline could solve the need expressed by the children on the streets – a need to have instant support when they are ill, injured or just want to talk to someone. What was required was a one-point contact that would quickly connect children to services that they need during or after a crisis."
Jagatjit Industr...,4.0,(132 Reviews),Public,"Kapurthala ,Punjab + 19 more",79 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"In 2015, Roshini Sanah Jaiswal took over as Promoter and Chief Restructuring Officer at Jagatjit Industries Limited (JIL), taking upon her shoulders a seventy-one year old legacy – at the time – created by her esteemed father and grandfather.
JIL is structured to be agile in thought and dynamic in purpose and, therefore, future-ready.
Keeping with JIL’s belief in embracing modernisation to keep abreast of changing times and trends, the company constantly upgrades its technological and automation capabilities to increase efficiencies.

JIL is constantly taking steps towards redefining its methodologies and rejuvenating its brands. The idea is to provide value in all aspects of its business in order to script a story of being market leaders. JIL has always striven to balance the richness of its legacy with the dynamism of the digital age by ensuring a diverse, engaged and collaborative work culture.

All of this helps build on JIL’s already extensive portfolio of Whiskeys (Single Malt and Scotch), Gins, Rums, Brandys and Vodkas. This includes three IMFL (Indian Made Foreign Liquor) brands in the ‘Millionaires’ Club’ – selling more than a million cases each.

In India, JIL is a household name in North-East India, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Kerala, Odisha, West Bengal & Jharkhand. Internationally, JIL products have become popular in UAE, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Malaysia, the UK and several Eastern European and African countries.

Moving forward, JIL promises to continue with the legacy of the founding principles of the company, ensuring quality and customer delight is kept intact in the DNA of its brands."
MRF Vapocure Pai...,3.8,(132 Reviews),Chennai + 41 more,34 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"MRF Corp Ltd is a subsidiary company of MRF Ltd. It was founded in 1989 as MRF Limited – Speciality Coatings Division (SCD).

MRF Limited - SCD was formed to cater to the growing demand in Industrial and Automotive coatings at that time. In the Automotive coatings business, the company set up franchises across India to provide complete painting solutions for cars.MRF Limited – SCD is one of the earliest companies to introduce Polyurethane (PU) coatings for Industrial and Decorative uses.

In 1993 the company launched its signature product WOODCOAT and entered into decorative paint segment. Following the success of WoodCoat, the company had launched other variants in wood coating segment like FRESHWOOD, TREATWOOD, EEZEEWOOD, WOODSTAINS and MELAMINE.As an innovation the company launched a Premium Multipurpose PU paint METALCOAT and later followed with DUROTHANE and ACRYLIC SUPERFINE.

MRF Limited – Speciality Coatings Division was hived off into a fully owned subsidiary of MRF Limited in the year 2011 as MRF CORP LIMITED, which operates with a brand name MRF VAPOCURE PAINTS.

Later in 2014, the company entered into the wall paint segment with its first decorative wall paint AQUAFRESH . AquaFresh is a PU based wall finish for Interior and Exterior walls. AquaFresh is a super premium offering in this segment. In the year 2018, as an add on to AquaFresh, the company launched ALTURA 2 in 1 Emulsion . Altura is the first emulsion product of MRF Corp Limited and it is a Premium offering in this segment.

To increase the market share in decorative wall paint segment, company launched CAMPUS EXTERIOR EMULSION and VISA INTERIOR EMULSION in year 2019. Campus and Visa cater to the economy wall paint segment. Along with these economy emulsions, to upgrade the market from synthetic enamels the company launched SPECTA PU ENAMEL.

MRF Corp Ltd has its Head Office at Chennai and it has wide distribution reach across India with 7 Regional Sales Offices and 26 sales depots.The major focus of the brand is to supply quality products to discerning customers."
Praxis Services,3.4,(132 Reviews),Private,Gurugram + 2 more,12 years old,201-500 Employees (Global),"Praxis Services is a business process management company that offers operational excellence with deep domain expertise in hospitality and travel management. The company delivers comprehensive business solutions where services are delivered from a global delivery network that includes hotel reservations, revenue management, research and analytics, technology solutions, loyalty programs, human resources pay roll and finance &amp; accounting.

Praxis operated and managed world class contact centre is built on robust and most sophisticated technology platforms. Technology’s ever increasing relevance in the highly competitive market place gives our hotel partners the opportunity to embrace it and reach new levels of performance.

The work force: Multi-cultural, multi-lingual, ‘virtual’ talent pool. Domain expertise and deep specialization will enable offering the following set of services in a 24 x 7 work environment."
RM Education Sol...,4.0,(132 Reviews),Private,Thiruvananthapuram + 7 more,20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"RM Educationis the principal division of theRM Group, aBritishcompany that specialises in providing information technology products and services to educational organisations and establishments. Its key market isUK educationincludingschools,colleges,universities, government education departments and educational agencies. RM plc employs around 1,700 people, the majority based in the company's headquarters located onMilton Park, nearDidcot, Oxfordshire. RM also has offices across theUK(Cheshire,Nottinghamshire,LanarkshireandLondon) and asoftware developmentfacility inIndia."
Blue Cross Labor...,4.0,(132 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 23 more",43 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Blue Cross was founded in 1980. It is one of the leading research-based pharmaceutical companies in India with over three decades of experience in providing healthcare products to people across the globe with the aim of improving human life.

It's name today is synonymous with top quality healthcare products. We discover, develop and deliver a wide range of innovative and highly advanced pharmaceutical products covering major therapeutic segments like Antibacterials, Pain Management, Antispasmodics, Cough & Cold Preparations, Cardiology, Diabetology, Dermatologicals, Anti-ulcerants, Antipyretics etc. in different dosage forms at Affordable cost.


State-Of-The-Art Manufacturing Facilities
It has state-of-the-art manufacturing plants at Nashik and Goa in India. These plants are modern and well equipped with spacious operational areas having adequate capacities for manufacturing world-class pharmaceutical products.

It's plants are approved by F.D.A., W.H.O and many overseas countries for compliances with current G.M.P requirements. BLUE CROSS has been bestowed with several Quality Excellence Awards for both the manufacturing plants.


World-Class Quality Assurance System
It's aim is to achieve world-class quality standards for all it's products. To accomplish this Blue Crosss deploys rigorous testing and elaborate in-process control procedures backed by advanced quality assurance facilities.


Strong Research & Development
It's unrelenting focus on research has helped to develop value added and novel drugs. It's R&D division is equipped with modern facilities. With the team consisting of dedicated and efficient research professionals with strong R&D capabilities, it conducts R & D on a broad range of therapeutic segments.


Guiding Policies
World-class product quality
Continuous improvement and development in all activities/people
Competent professional organization
Sound customer oriented marketing/distribution
Ethical business practices

The Future Ahead
Blue Cross is now poised for a new phase of growth. To meet the challenges of the future, it has drawn up fresh strategies and planned new forays. It aims to strengthen it's presence further in therapeutic segments like Antibacterials, Anti-inflammatory, Analgesics, Nutritional, Cardiology and Diabetology by introducing new, improved molecules and dosage forms. It is also working towards introducing products in new therapeutic segments to broaden its base."
Varroc Lighting ...,3.9,(132 Reviews),Private,Plymouth + 6 more,11 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Varroc Lighting Systems is an award-winning Tier 1 global automotive manufacturer
specializing in the design, development, and production of exterior lighting systems.

Varroc Lighting Systems is a global automotive supplier providing custom design solutions and innovative product development for exterior vehicle lighting systems. Headquartered in Plymouth, Michigan, we manufacture world-class lighting created through our leading-edge global manufacturing capabilities.

Delivery of innovative exterior lighting is our mission. Some of our key technologies include: matrix lamps, adaptive driving beam (ADB), LED lamps, organic light-emitting diodes or OLEDs and electronic control modules.​

Our lighting systems are manufactured in our world-class facilities located in China, Czech Republic, India, Mexico, Morocco, Turkey, and Vietnam.

Technical centers and sales offices provide unmatched support to our customers. These global centers serve our diverse customer base from locations in North America, Europe, and Asia.

Varroc Lighting’s global footprint produces significant synergies with automotive customers, OEM’s, and suppliers based anywhere in the world. ​​"
ONPASSIVE,4.0,(132 Reviews),Orlando + 4 more,5 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"ONPASSIVE combines artificial intelligence, real-time flow analysis and machine learning to build an AI-driven business platform and communication. We analyze several business concerns, generating rich insights that can deliver solutions on a large scale."
Compuage Infocom,3.8,(131 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 31 more",36 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"3 decades of excellence and much more, Compuage Infocom Ltd. is the distribution giant that creates opportunities for enterprise advancement for its channel partners through agressive market development and continuous improvement through agility.

Our powerful advantages with 46 offices and 69 service centers, across the country lets our 12500+ online & offline retailers, resellers and system integrators enjoy doing business at ease.

Compuage Infocom Ltd. acts as a strategic link between vendors and partners, thus readying them for unprecedented levels of business performance by catering to SOHO, SMB, Mid size, Large Enterprises and Government Organizations across various industry verticals.

Our global infrastructure consists footprints in 7 countries across SAARC nations, coupled with a direct focus on Enterprise solutions, Cloud computing, PC & Components and Mobility."
King George's Me...,4.3,(131 Reviews),Private,Lucknow + 5 more,118 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"King George's Medical University UP, Lucknow built in 1905, has acquired national & global eminence for contributions in academics, research, and patient care. It caters to need of States of UP and others like Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and neighbouring Nepal and offer medical services to more than 20 crore population. It is the largest Residential Medical University in India with Faculty of Medicine, Faculty of Dental Sciences, Faculty of Nursing and Faculty of Paramedical Sciences. King George Medical University was ranked fifth by the National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF) among medical colleges in 2018."
Madhu Jayanti In...,3.9,(131 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 23 more",81 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Madhu Jayanti International Limited is one of the pioneer Indian tea houses, renowned for its product quality, integrity, and excellent customer relationship. MJIL is a trusted source in the international market of private labels, with strong presence in United States, Australia, and Europe. We also offer a wide selection of products under our own brands, sold in India, Europe, and West African markets."
Unique Engineers,3.7,(131 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 24 more,33 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"UNIQUE ENGINEERS was incorporated in 1990 in New Delhi with its Head Office at Gurgaon. The company has grown multi-fold since its inception. The Company deals in Contracting and manufacturing of HVAC units . Unique Engineers is the largest channel partner of DAIKIN in India. Products are manufactured in their facility at Manesar, Haryana. Services like fire alarm system, IP/Analogue CCTV are also provided."
Source One Manag...,3.8,(131 Reviews),Private,"Grove,Pennsylvania + 8 more",38 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"A national Business Process Outsourcing company that is proud to have a strong customer base of government and corporate clients. Source One Management was founded in 1985 by it owners, Salvador Gomez, President and CEO, and Ruth McKinney, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Source One is headquartered in Denver, Colorado, with operations in 21 states. 
 We provide the management and line staffing for all of our clients' select records management, information management, back-office and administrative support business processes. We manage the processes and take responsibility for not only staffing and managing the business process, but the business deliverables that are produced and result from these processes. Source One provides tailored records management solutions that include e-discovery solutions as well as e-FOIA solutions. Our objectives are always to significantly cut costs while increasing productivity and improving quality."
Azim Premji Foun...,4.4,(131 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 27 more",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Azim Premji Foundation is a not-for profit organisation that has been working since 2000 with the elementary education system in rural government schools.

The Foundation began by implementing various programmes to improve educational quality across the country. By 2010 however it became clear that working on a “project” mode was inadequate and it takes continuous effort over many decades for any deep-rooted change to happen. This can only be achieved by establishing “institutions” which are embedded in the local context and can collaborate with local government structures. Thus the idea of setting up District Institutes in field locations came into being.

Today, the Foundation with 1000+ employees has field institutes in 40+ districts across 6 states and 1 union territory (Karnataka, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Telangana and Puducherry)."
Unilog Content S...,3.6,(131 Reviews),Private,"Wayne,Pennsylvania + 3 more",25 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Unilog Content Solutions is a global technology company specializing in eCommerce and product data management in the B2B marketplace. Their flagship product is CIMM2, a software platform designed to facilitate commerce and communication between businesses"
JCT,3.8,(131 Reviews),Public,"Hoshiarpur,Punjab + 10 more",77 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"JCT Limited, one of the leading manufacturer of textiles and filament yarn, is the flagship company of Thapar Group. With operations in two distinct businesses – cotton, synthetic & blended textiles and nylon filament yarn – JCT Limited is a market driven company fueled by good work ethic, values and a high standard of performance. It is this culture that has helped establish the company’s reputation as one of the finest in the country.JCT Limited was the first textile manufacturer in the country to introduce eco-friendly fabrics made of organic cotton and its textile division was the first in the industry to be accredited with an ISO 9001 certification in 1996. Over five decades, since it commenced production in 1946, the textile unit of JCT Limited has grown into one of the largest textile manufacturers in India. With integrated textile facility in Phagwara (Punjab), a daily production capacity of 63 million meters per annum, and a product range consisting of some of the finest cotton and blended fabrics, this division has made a mark both the domestic and international markets. And this has been driven by the desire to excel in every sphere of its operations - spinning, wea"
Oriental Aromati...,3.2,(131 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 4 more",68 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Oriental Aromatics Limited, formerly Camphor & Allied Products Limited, is engaged in the business of manufacture of fine chemicals. The Company's principal products and services include Perfumery Chemicals, and Camphor & Isoborneol. The Company operates in two geographical segments, which include Domestic and Export. The Company is engaged in the manufacturing and selling of camphor, terpineols, resins, aromatic and terpene chemicals, fragrance chemicals and fragrance chemical intermediaries. The Company offers a range of products, which include synthetic camphor, terpineols, pine oils, resins, astromusk, perfumery chemicals and specialty chemicals. The Company serves various industries, including flavors and fragrances; pharmaceuticals; soaps and cosmetics; rubber and tire, and paints and varnishes. The Company operates from its plants, which are located at Clutterbuckganj, Bareilly in Uttar Pradesh and Nandesari, Vadodara in Gujarat."
Xrbia Developers,2.8,(131 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 6 more",11 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"XRBIA Developers is the leader of Affordable Housing in India. XRBIA understands India’s need for smarter, efficient, and sustainable cities which offer a higher quality of life to its people. Superior living experiences being priority, brand XRBIA delivers end-to-end urban infrastructure services to its inhabitants. With a goal and vision of building “100 future ready cities by 2030”, XRBIA is embarking on a new journey that lays the benchmark for quality and modern urban development in the country."
Venus Industrial...,3.8,(131 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 9 more",51 years old,1-10 Employees (India),"VENUS INDUSTRIAL CORPORATION LTD, the flagship company of the acclaimed VENUS GROUP, is partnering the automotive industry with power-packed products and innovative engineering concepts for more than three decades."
Som Autotech,3.6,(131 Reviews),Private,Aurangabad + 4 more,12 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"SOM AUTOTECH PVT. LTD specializes in the Die Casting auto parts. We are engaged in design, development and manufacturing of components and assemblies. The core strengths are high pressure die casting, precision machining, surface treatments and assemblies.

Company has achieved significant growth & customer trust in a small span of time. This was possible only because of the trust we earned from our customers and our excellence, competitiveness and sustainability perused by the management.

Our Engineering collaborates with customers right from new product design to make every new product right first time and well within the time plan."
South Eastern Co...,4.4,(131 Reviews),Government,Bilaspur + 16 more,38 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),"South Eastern Coalfields Limited (SECL) was incorporated on 28.11.1985 with the objective to acquire and take over business of the Bilaspur division of Western Coalfields & the Talcher division of Central Coalfields limited. SECL is a Schdule-B Miniratna CPSE in the coal & lignite sector. It is one of the eight subsidiaries of Coal India Limited (A Govt. of India Undertaking) under the Ministry of Coal having registered Corporate Office at Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh.

SECL has 113 approved coal projects (80 underground projects and 33 opencast projects) for a total ultimate capacity of 149.02 MTY. Out of 113 projects, 34 projects (14 UG & 20 OC), having rated capacity of 29.86 MTY, are on-going & new projects, and 54 projects (42 UG & 12 OC), with rated capacity of 119.16 MTY, have been completed as on 31 st March 2013. As on 01.04.13, SECL has 84 working mines with 34 mines in the state of M.P. & 50 mines in the state of C.G. besides a Coal Carbonization Plant namely Dankuni Coal Complex (DCC) at Dankuni in West Bengal, on lease basis from Coal India Limited. Out of these 84 mines 62 mines are underground, 21 are opencast & 1 is mixed mine."
SA Infrastructur...,4.0,(131 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 29 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SA Infrastructure Consultants Pvt Ltd, an ISO-9001:2008 Certified Company, is a leading Consulting Organisation specialised in Roads, Highways, Rail, Environment, Bridges, Urban-Development and Water Supply. Established in 2005, SA Infrastructure Consultants Pvt Ltd (SAICPL), which includes M/s. QUEST Engineers & Consultants Pvt Ltd and M/s. UPHAM International Corporation, a US, is one of the most sought-after Consulting firm in Engineering and Planning. Project objectives, Clients’ satisfaction and serving the community are always at the core of SAICPL’s priorities and it strongly responds to the project objective through its vast experiences and innovative approach."
Nyati Group,4.0,(131 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 6 more",26 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"One of the most trusted names in the Pune real estate industry, the Nyati Group combines the dual ethos of integrity and aesthetics in building futuristic landmarks."
BEO Software,4.6,(131 Reviews),"Kochi/Cochin,Kerala",20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"BEO software Private Limited is a German headquartered software company located in the heart of cochin specialised in software products and services in the area of Export/import/Transportation and customs clearance. BEO software Private Limited is one among the four subsidiaries of BEO GmbH which was founded in 1987 at Endingen am Kaiserstuhl near Freiburg, Germany. We mainly concentrate on web based applications and use high quality and up to date technologies and tools to develop our applications. We possess a of highly talented support team capable of solving all kinds of issues within a minimal time span. Here we strongly believe in quality and technical perfection of our products without compromising the project ultimatums. With our top quality and standardized software solutions, we provide an extensive offer all around export, dispatch and Compliance. The systems can be adapted easily to individual requirements and existing IT architectures. All software products are available as In-house-or also as a web-based rent solution. 'BEO ATLAS', one of our major product now stand rated among the top three certified German software,s in Export/Import domain."
National Aerospa...,4.5,(131 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 1 more",64 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"National Aerospace Laboratories (NAL), a constituent of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), India, established in the year 1959 is the only government aerospace R&D laboratory in the country’s civilian sector. CSIR-NAL is a high-technology oriented institution focusing on advanced disciplines in aerospace. CSIR-NAL has several advanced test facilities, and many of them are recognized as National Facilities. These are not only the best in the country, but are also comparable to other similar facilities in the world. CSIR-NAL has provided significant value added inputs to all the Indian national aerospace programmes. Its contributions over the last five decades have enabled it to create a niche for itself in advanced aerospace research and technology development. CSIR-NAL has also developed many critical technologies for the strategic sector and continues to support the mission-mode programmes of the country."
Techavera Soluti...,4.5,(131 Reviews),Noida + 2 more,13 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"The Techavera Solutions which is co-founded by hugely experienced Industry professionals and alumni of BITS Pilani, Amity and Indraprastha University. It is headquartered at Noida. It is one of the fastest growing solution providers in the field of Education, IT, Consulting and Corporate Trainings. We are offering quality services to meet the need of our clients with a strong team who are committed, dedicated and highly trained technical experts and state of the art Technological infrastructure. Combining award winning experiences, professional expertise, and innovative initiatives, our group provides clients with relevant products and quality services.

Techavera Solutions Pvt. Ltd is on the mission to work for the promotion of latest technologies in India."
Rasna,3.8,(131 Reviews),Private,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 27 more",47 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Rasna is the India's Biggest group in Food & Beverage Industry with Market share of 93% in powder Concentrate Business. Rasna is not Only a Soft Drink Concentrate Group, but also Food Factory with the big range of Ethnic Products like pickles, paste, Chutney, Curries, Gravies. Snacks, Instant tea Mix etc."
Gulf Spic Genera...,4.0,(131 Reviews),Private,"Fahaheel,Ahmadi + 6 more",26 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),"GULF SPIC GENERAL TRADING & CONTRACTING COMPANY W.L.L (GS) is an Engineering, Procurement & construction contracting company with hundred percent Kuwaiti Share holders, operating in Kuwait and providing the following services Engineering Construction Commissioning EPC Contracts Operation Maintenance Turbo Machinery Maintenance Shutdown/Turnaround Management Services (In the field of Oil & Gas, Petrochemicals, Electricity and water, Chemicals and Fertilizers.) Project Management Consultancy Services"
Novozymes South ...,4.4,(131 Reviews),Private,Bagsværd + 7 more,23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Novozymes started operations in India in 1983 and is the largest supplier of industrial enzymes and microorganisms in the region today. The region’s operations cover India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal and Bhutan.

With over 500+ employees, Novozymes India has grown into an organization spread across three sites in Bangalore covering R&T, manufacturing, business functions and a shared service center. Some of the key business areas for Novozymes India are household care, textiles, food & beverages, oils & fats, baking and beverage alcohol. 

We use science to advance industries. Novozymes invests nearly 14 percent of its global revenue in Research and Technology annually, with one of the key R&T facilities located in Bangalore. 

Novozymes believes in positively contributing towards the sustainable future of the country. We work in close partnership with our customers and the global community to find biological answers for better lives in a growing world."
Cogenthub,3.7,(131 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 1 more",7 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"A young organization that started in 2016, CogentHub is headquartered in India and has a state-of-the-art delivery center based out of Salt Lake City, which works on a 24/7 basis. At present, the BPO Unit of CogentHub is working with off-shore clients, successfully providing services like Telemarketing (outbound campaigns), Customer Care, Technical Support, Back Office support, and more. Our MIS Team is comprised of in-house software developers who continuously work to manage the day to day activities and work.

We firmly believe that all our businesses should function uninterruptedly hence to keep the business flow of all our clients continuous, CogentHub has developed its own BCP (Business Continuity Plan) site. The site is developed to ensure that all our resources deployed for a business segment can be transferred easily to meet optimum service delivery.

In a short span of time, a large number of aspirants prefer to work with CogentHub as a brand. This has been achieved by giving individuals cross-training and inter-departmental growth opportunities."
Adroit Synergies,3.7,(131 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 2 more",8 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in 2015, Adroit Synergies is a multi-channel contact centre that provides customer relationship management solutions. Our services include inbound and outbound call centre services,lead generation, telesales, acquisition, retention, overdue collection and many more services. Our focus since our inception has been in providing superior quality contact centre services at very affordable prices...

Having served clients from diverse industries ranging from industrial equipment, e-commerce, Finance, Pharmaceutical, Telecommunication to Fast Moving Consumer Goods, we are widely known as ones stop shop for all outsourced specialist in Delhi NCR, India, be it a wide-ranging hotline, technical help desk, fault reporting or telesales services such as lead generation, re-contracting and appointment setting, we deliver world class user-experience to all our clients."
Balrampur Chini ...,4.0,(131 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 9 more",48 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Balrampur Chini Mills Limited (‘BCML’) is the second-largest sugar manufacturing company in India with significant strength in the manufacture of downstream products like power (co-generation) and ethanol.

‘BCML’ was incorporated in 1975 as a wholly-owned subsidiary company of Balrampur Sugar Company Limited, subsequently changing its name to Balrampur Commercial Enterprises Limited (‘BCEL’). By an indenture of conveyance dated 21st February 1976, BCEL transferred the land, building, other assets as well as the entire staff of its Balrampur sugar factory (with effect from 1st July 1975) to BCML. BCML ceased to be a subsidiary of BCEL with effect from 25th June 1979 and its shares were listed on the Calcutta Stock Exchange (CSE) in 1979.

The Company possesses a cane crushing capacity of 76,500 tonnes per day, distillery capacity of 360 KL per day and a saleable co-generation capacity of 163.20 megawatts."
Al Hassan Engine...,4.2,(131 Reviews),Private,Ruwi + 13 more,23 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"Al Hassan Engineering Co. S.A.O.G. (AHEC) has flourished through a combination of entrepreneurial leadership, courage, and vision and has come a long way since inception in the year 2000. The progress of Al Hassan Engineering Co. S.A.O.G. in many ways reflects the development of the Sultanate of Oman, AHEC playing a key role in many nation-building projects.

For the last two decades, AHEC has expanded and diversified, bringing new business ideas from around the world into the Sultanate Oman to help build a vibrant and modern nation. Today, it is one of the leading Engineering Contracting entities in Oman, employing a multi-cultural workforce of over 4000 people.

Al Hassan Engineering Co. S.A.O.G. (AHEC), is the first contracting company in Oman to be listed on the Muscat Securities Market (Code: HECI). AHEC is a reputed Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) company with proven capabilities in civil, mechanical, structural, electrical, instrumentation, pipeline, painting and coating disciplines and is currently executing many projects in Oil, Gas & Petrochemicals, Power, Water, and Wastewater sectors. It has been nominated amongst the top 4 GCC contractors by Construction Week Dubai in 2009.

AHEC is run by well experienced and qualified professionals, managers and executives and the emphasis are on the transparency of operations, responsible corporate governance and committed workforce, all of which have made AHEC one of the most respected enterprises not only in Oman but also in the GCC. AHEC is synonymous with Trust, Reliability, and Quality in all its activities and has won several accolades for pursuing Quality and HSE initiatives.

AHEC continuously explores opportunities to establish joint ventures and strategic alliances has an association with reputed multinational Principals and has nurtured partnerships over the years with a long-term perspective enabling it to offer value-added products and services to its customers.

AHEC has been involved in the projects associated with the growth and modernization of the Sultanate from the construction of oil and gas gathering stations, power plants, petrochemical plants to desalination plants. Accordingly, the organisation has gained valuable insight and experience in providing the resources and expertise required to handle large projects and has gained an enviable reputation for delivering on its promises and honouring its commitments. AHEC has established itself well in Project Management, Contracting and has constructed several complex projects in Oman. To maintain the highest standards of excellence in all its activities, AHEC has made significant investments in acquiring its own Plant, Equipment, and Machinery.

AHEC is committed to building a talented and professional workforce with its strategy of ""People Power"" as a key driver of the growth strategy."
Be Well Hospital...,4.5,(131 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 6 more",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"The Be Well Group of hospitals is establishing a new order of health care delivery to ensure access, affordable and quality care is made available to all. Working towards this end, Be Well has been set up best hospitals in south India with world-class infrastructure in locations that currently have limited access to all-round healthcare.

The Be Well Group of hospitals hopes to see more people in India and around the world getting non-compromised, evidence-based healthcare. Working towards this end, Be Well has been setting up hospitals with world-class infrastructure in locations that currently have limited access to healthcare.

Be Well is a chain of “Small Giant” Multispeciality hospitals creating the most innovative healthcare infrastructure for small towns in India. It spreads health awareness in engaging ways that shift the community focus from “Get Well” to “Be Well”At Be Well, our focus is on treating patients humanely and with respect, keeping them informed on their medical conditions, associated costs, the risks and the benefits of various treatments. The success of this approach has seen Be Well expand its network at a steady pace since 2011."
Mahle Anand Ther...,4.3,(131 Reviews),Pune + 3 more,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Pitti Engineerin...,4.1,(131 Reviews),Public,Hyderabad + 2 more,40 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Four integrated business verticals with investments in excess of $50M, employing 2500 professionals and workmen, earning revenue of $110M, catering to various end-user segments across 8 countries providing engineering solutions.

Pitti Engineering Limited (Formerly Pitti Laminations Limited) promoted by Sharad B. Pitti, was founded in 1983 and is India's largest and most reputed manufacturer of Electrical Steel Laminations, Motor Cores, Sub-Assemblies, Die-Cast Rotors, and Press Tools. We are proud to be the largest exporter of laminations from India. We have already diversified into the manufacturing of Castings, Steel Fabricated Parts, and machined components stator and rotor assemblies with plans of diversifying into forgings. Growth is targeted through continuous forward and backward integration plus the enhancement of capacities.

We have the distinction of being the first lamination manufacturer in India and the first company in the State of Andhra Pradesh to be certified as an ISO 9002 Company in the year 1993. The company is in the process of being certified to ISO-14001. We have received various awards from the Indian Council for Industrial and Trade Development for Quality, Industrial Promotion, Industrial Achievement, Etc. We are a public limited company since 1994; today our shares are listed on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National Stock Exchange (NSE). The company is professionally managed since its inception and has over 300 qualified professionals and a skilled workforce of over 1000. Our corporate office is based in Hyderabad, India, and our state-of-art manufacturing facilities, located about 45km away. Our present installed capacity is 32,000 TPA of laminations and is being expanded further, in stages to 50,000 TPA."
Connectwise Indi...,4.0,(131 Reviews),Mumbai + 3 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Accurate Enginee...,3.4,(131 Reviews),"Pune,Maharashtra + 18 more",60 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"Based in Pune, Maharashtra, we, Accurate Engineering Company Pvt. Ltd., are an expertly managed organization dealing in measuring instruments and systems. Offering Handheld Measuring Equipment, Gar Measurement, and Tester, Making Machine, etc, we have become a trusted company for our customers to avail of beneficial deals. We provide these products at reasonable prices under the brand name Accurate and Aditya. 

Our primary aim is to expand globally and acquire a noteworthy position in the industry. Besides, client satisfaction is our priority and we work day and night to keep clients delighted at all times."
Namdev Finvest,4.8,(131 Reviews),Private,"Jaipur,Rajasthan + 22 more",26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Namdev Finvest Private Limited was incorporated on 11th April 1997 as a Private Limited Company under the Companies Act, 1956. The company is also registered itself as a Non Banking Finance Company (Non Deposit taking ) under Reserve Bank of India vide registration No. B-10.00260 on 04th December 1997. We acquired this Company in Dec. 2013. The company is engaged in Priority sector lending activities categorized under agriculture and priority sector lending at Jaipur and adjoining districts in the state of Rajasthan for more than 6 years. It has its head office in Jaipur with over 28 operational branches in the state of Rajasthan and Delhi. We are among st the prominent service providers of Financial Services to our prestigious clients. Our services are well planned and executed under the strict supervision of experienced professionals, who hold vast industrial knowledge in their respective domain. Financial Services are designed as per the international standards of quality. The financial system of a country greatly influences the economy of the country. The financial systems of India and finance companies have brought success to the country’s economy, making India an increasingly important player in the global financial sector."
Visa,4.1,(131 Reviews),Public,"Foster City,California + 4 more",65 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Visa is a global payments technology company that connects consumers, businesses, banks and governments in more than 200 countries and territories, enabling them to use digital currency instead of cash and checks. 

Visa has built one of the world's most advanced processing networks. It's capable of handling more than 24,000 transactions per second, with reliability, convenience and security, including fraud protection for consumers and guaranteed payment for merchants. 

Visa does not issue cards, extend credit or set rates and fees for consumers. Visa's innovations, however, enable its bank customers to offer consumers more choices: Pay now with debit, ahead of time with prepaid or later with credit products. 

Governments around the world have switched to digital currency instead of checks for benefits payments and purchasing in order to increase efficiency and lower costs, saving taxpayers money.

Visa is giving more people in more places access to electronic payments. From the world's major cities to remote areas without banks, people are increasingly relying on digital currency along with mobile technology to use their money any time, make purchases online, transfer funds across borders and access basic financial services. All of which makes their lives easier and grows economies."
Henkel,4.3,(373 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 21 more",58 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Henkel operates worldwide with leading innovations, brands and technologies in three business areas: Adhesive Technologies, Beauty Care and Laundry & Home Care.

Founded in 1876, Henkel looks back on more than 140 years of success. The company holds leading positions with its three business units in both industrial and consumer businesses thanks to strong brands, innovations and technologies such as Persil, Schwarzkopf and Loctite. Henkel, headquartered in Düsseldorf / Germany, employs more than 53,000 people globally and counts among the most internationally aligned German-based companies in the global marketplace.

We want to create value – for our customers and our consumers, for our teams and our people, for our shareholders as well as for the wider society and communities in which we operate. Our vision at Henkel is to be leading with our innovations, brands and technologies. For us, “leading” exceeds the definition of being the number one in terms of market share or size. While strong positions in attractive markets are important, it takes more to be “leading with innovations, brands and technologies.""​ It requires leadership in value creation, responsiveness to volatile markets, and changing customer and consumer demands as well as in innovation, quality, service and sustainability."
Red Bull,4.4,(130 Reviews),Private,Fuschl + 30 more,36 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Red Bull Gives Wings to People and Ideas. This drives us - and all we do - since 1987. Today, Red Bull operates in over 170 countries selling more than 6.7 billion cans annually and growing! Above all, our people remain the essential ingredient in bringing the Red Bull brand to life. Becoming the #1 energy drink in the world is a journey of passion and hard work. It’s about asking ourselves everyday: how can we do it better? Check out our open roles to become part of the world of Red Bull."
Wrigley,3.9,(130 Reviews),Private,McLean + 33 more,132 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Everyone has the power to make a difference. And when we’re all working towards the same shared vision, nothing is out of reach. That’s what we believe, and why our 125,000+ Associates around the world are empowered to take action every day towards the world we want tomorrow.Because we know, the world we want tomorrow starts with how we do business today. #TomorrowStartsToday.That’s our inspiration for pushing boundaries and challenging ourselves to transform the way we do business every day. For generations, we’ve been making many of the world’s most loved and most iconic brands, products and services. We want that to continue for generations to come, and so we know that as a global business we have the opportunity - the responsibility - to help create a tomorrow in which the planet, its people and pets can thrive."
Don Bosco School,4.1,(130 Reviews),New Delhi + 32 more,43 years old,50k-1 Lakh Employees (India),N/A,"Don Bosco School, Alaknanda, New Delhi is proud to offer students from various communities of India the best possible opportunities to become confident, thoughtful and sensitive young people who are prepared for future challenges.

We take special care of the economically and socially weaker sections of the society through inclusive education and through outreach programmes like Ankur-Don Bosco, Ashalayam and Evening coaching centers.

We are very proud of our caring, inclusive ethos where we set high standards and expectations for our students to achieve and become their very best.

Our students feel a sense of happiness and belonging, which is essential for their future success. The students are educated in an environment that is intimate, friendly and attuned to every specific educational need.

We have created an atmosphere where one feels safe, secure, spontaneous and happy.

Every student has the right to be safe in school, be treated with compassion & the right to hear and be heard.

We would like to share with you a few of the many good practices which enabled us to create a safe and happy learning environment in the schools of our Province.

Don Bosco School, Alaknanda aims at the holistic development of the pupils and gives importance to the formation of habits of discipline, study, self reliance and moral values, so as to make the students worthy citizens of the country."
Taj Mahal Hotel,4.6,(130 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 4 more,120 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"The Taj Mahal Palace opened in Mumbai, then Bombay, in 1903, giving birth to the country’s first harbour landmark. The recently trademarked flagship hotel overlooks the majestic Gateway of India. This legendary luxury hotel has played host to kings, dignitaries and eminent personalities from across the globe, and is acknowledged as a world leader in hospitality. Each of the rooms 285 rooms & suites are a striking blend of nostalgic elegance, rich history and modern facilities. Strategically located in Mumbai’s prime historical and commercial hub, The Taj Mahal Palace is walking distance from Colaba Causeway, known for its touristy tiny roadside shops. The city’s financial hub, parliament, stadium, offices and shopping districts are all located within close proximity; as is a flourishing art and heritage precinct with must-visit museums, art galleries, churches and synagogues."
Sud Life Insuran...,3.9,(130 Reviews),Navi Mumbai + 56 more,14 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),N/A,"Founded in 2009, Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance (SUD Life) is a joint venture between two of India's leading public sector banks, Bank of India and Union Bank of India, and Dai-ichi Life Holdings, a leading life insurance company in Japan.

With a robust collective network of over 11,000 bank branches catering to more than 64 million customers, SUD Life has one of the largest life insurance distribution footprints in India. Bank of India and Union Bank of India have sponsored select Regional Rural Banks, which provides SUD Life access to more than 1950 branches that make life insurance products available in rural areas.

At SUD Life, our customers are our priority. We are committed to providing insurance products that serve our customers’ unique needs across various strata of society and geographies.

The promoters of SUD Life have a long-term commitment towards their customers and stakeholder. These strengths and values have been inherited by SUD Life, as we make our way to becoming the next rising star in the Indian life insurance business, promising exceptional value to all."
OEN India,4.0,(130 Reviews),Private,"Kochi/Cochin,Kerala + 7 more",55 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"O/E/N India Limited, the market leaders in the Indian Electronics industry since 1968 for a wide range of Relays, Switches and related electromechanical assemblies, have gained a reputation for Quality, Reliability and Innovation in market segments"
Dbs Mintek,3.4,(130 Reviews),Pune + 10 more,15 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"DBS MINTEK PVT LTD is an international call center based in Mumbai & Pune, India. Incorporated in 2008 as a Private Limited Company. Well equipped with state-of-the-art technology with the capacity for fast ramp-up and rollout of new campaigns. DBS ‘s existing operation is a 75-workstation facility, which would be scaled up by another 100. It currently owns two centers with a total capacity of around 200 seats.

We are based out of Mumbai & Pune in two different places of major ITES and BPO activity in the country. We also cater to various other processes such as Customer care, tech support, Debt collection, Surveys, corporate reception and messaging in the Inbound call center domain. In the outbound call center we cater to direct telemarketing, Upsell/cross sell, direct mail followup, appointment scheduling and surveys."
Daffodil Softwar...,3.6,(130 Reviews),Private,"Grandville,MI + 4 more",24 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Daffodil Software is a software engineering partner to 100+ organizations across the globe and has been helping them in making their software products more robust, teams more productive and processes more efficient. Our ability to look beyond technologies to deliver innovative solutions with scale and speed has been lauded by our clients as well as the tech community worldwide.
Since our inception, we have invested in organic growth; building on our engineering capabilities, organizational processes, and culture required to deliver a truly collaborative ecosystem for solving technology challenges. At the core of Daffodil lies a culture rooted in innovation, learning and a result-oriented mindset."
Don Bosco Tech S...,3.9,(130 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 41 more,17 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Don Bosco Tech, also known as DB Tech addresses this endemic problem with a market-based approach that is sensitive to the socio-economic needs of marginalized youth in the 18-35 years age group. Don Bosco Tech has set up a network of 300+ skill training centres across India that attempts to bridge this widening divide between those who have access to opportunities and those who are increasingly being marginalized from the ‘new economy’ jobs. Don Bosco Tech is an example of synchronous social action of various stakeholders, which aims at mainstreaming and ensuring economic security to youth who could be victimized by poverty. To enable them to gain a foothold in the competitive job market, Don Bosco Tech helps the youth to acquire the required livelihood and soft skills in an environment of learning and mentoring that is responsive to the individual’s emotional and developmental needs."
Colourtex,4.2,(130 Reviews),Private,"Surat,Gujrat + 6 more",56 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Founded in 1967 by the present Chairman and Managing Director Mr. Jayantibhai Jariwala, Colourtex commenced dyestuff manufacturing in 1976 at Pandesara, an industrial suburb of Surat, Gujarat.

Colourtex owes its strength to its sound infrastructure with surface water reservoir, co-generation coal based turbine, dedicated land fill site and strong backward integration built over four decades.

With a strong marketing and distribution network backed by competent technical services located in all textile & leather centers around the country, Colourtex reaches out to more than two thousand potential customers to provide solutions for coloration of textiles and leather.

An uncompromising attitude of the Chairman & Board of Directors toward environmental and ecological priorities augurs well for future of Colourtex."
Duroshox,3.5,(130 Reviews),Private,Pune,36 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Duroshox is situated in Pune, India (about 160 kms / 100 miles from the Mumbai port), Duroshox began business in 1987 as an ancillary to various large OEMs. Pune is the engineering hub and the automotive capital of India and houses plants of several manufacturers.

The company continued to expand and now caters to requirements of leading equipment and vehicle manufacturers and their Tier 1 suppliers in India, Europe and USA. With over 500+ people at Duroshox, we have the talent and team to provide a solution for many of our customer's engineering products requirements.

The company believes in action. For the sake of timely accomplishment, the people at Duroshox are ever willing to walk that extra mile with a single focus of serving their customers better. Duroshox is an ISO/TS 16949:2009 certified company."
Vesuvius,4.0,(130 Reviews),Public,London + 11 more,32 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Vesuvius India Ltd., subsidiary ofVesuviusGroupLimitedin the U.K., manufactures Continuous Casting Refractories, Slide Gate Equipments and porous plugs, pre-cast shapes, taphole clay and crucibles for non-ferrous industries. Incorporated in 1991, thecompanyhas its registered office located in West Bengal."
International Ce...,3.6,(130 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 25 more",24 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"International Certification Services is established as an independent certification and inspection body with its main objective to safeguard life, property and environment through quality assurance and total quality management.International Certification Services has been providing their value added certification and inspection services to the Government, Public and Private Sector Organizations involved in land, offshore, marine activities. It is a professional organization backed by devoted, highly qualified and experienced personnel. We provide a wide spectrum of customer oriented certification and inspection services in an efficient and cost effective manner. National Accreditation Board for Certification Bodies (NABCB) for Quality Management System.International Certification Services has a number of Regional Offices, Stations and sites in India as well as overseas with highly qualified and competent manpower located close to our valued customers. International Certification Services has well established Quality Assurance System and has been accredited by JAS-ANZ, the Joint Accreditation System of Australia and New Zealand, Australia for conformity assessments.ICS has 30 offices in India to be close to their valued customers so as to provide cost effective and efficient certification services. We ensure our value added services to benefit our valuable customers on regular basis."
Vishvaraj Infras...,4.2,(130 Reviews),Public,"Nagpur,Maharashtra + 23 more",24 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Vishvaraj Infrastructure Ltd. (VIL), flagship company of Vishvaraj Group, a company that envisions building infrastructure that improves the quality of life for citizens at large. We started our operations with PPP-BOT projects in the roads & highways sector and subsequently diversified into Water Supply projects. We take pride in being the pioneer of the first ever 24X7 full city water supply project in India - ‘Nagpur 24X7 Water Supply Scheme’ which is acclaimed nationally and internationally."
Zee Media Corpor...,3.8,(130 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 12 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Zee Media Corporation Ltd (ZMCL), India’s largest news network, touches the lives of over 150 million Indians through a clutch of national and regional news channels. 

Zee News, which is the flagship channel of the company, has the 'Soch Badlo Desh Badlo'​ tag line which shows the focus on hardcore and serious news. The channel's programmes have won several prestigious national and international awards.

The specific channels operated by Zee Media Corporation Ltd are Zee News, Zee Business, Zee Punjab Haryana Himachal, Zee Sangam, Zee Kalinga, Zee Purvaiya, Zee 24 Gantalu, Zee Madhya Pradesh Chattisgarh, Zee 24 Taas, the first 24-hour Marathi news channel. 24 Ghanta, a 24 hour Bangla news channel is operated by a subsidiary company known as Zee Akaash News Private Limited.

Zee Media Corporation Ltd also supplies content to the international broadcasting business of Zee in USA, Europe, Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific."
75way Technologi...,4.8,(130 Reviews),Private,"Panchkula,Haryana + 1 more",8 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A
KEM Hospital,4.5,(130 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 2 more,97 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Founded in 1926, the Seth Gordhandas Sunderdas Medical College (GSMC) and the King Edward Memorial (KEM) Hospital are amongst the foremost teaching and medical care providing institutions in India. The medical college (school) provides training to about 2000 students in undergraduate, postgraduate and superspeciality medical courses; in undergraduate and postgraduate physical and occupational therapy; Masters and PhD courses in various allied specialties. A nursing school is also maintained by these institutions."
MINISO,3.9,(130 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 23 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"MINISO, a Japan-based designer brand, was co-founded by Japanese designer Mr. Miyake Junya and Chinese young entrepreneur Mr. Ye Guofu in Tokyo, Japan, with the former serving as chief designer. MINISO is the promoter of global “intelligent consumer products”.
Sticking to the life philosophy of “simplicity, nature and good quality” and the brand proposition of “returning to the nature”, MINISO gains popularity among consumers with its core brand edges of updating products every seven days, pricing at a low level, and targeting at intelligent consumer product chains. It sets the trend of personalized intelligent consumption in the frontier market of household consumption. MINISO was run by MINISO Industries Co., Ltd. in 2013.
Established in Japan in 2013, MINISO, actively explores the international market and has opened over 1000 stores in less than three years, with business turnover standing at USD 750 million in 2015 and nearly USD 1.5 billion in 2016. At present, MINISO has reached strategic cooperation agreements with more than 50 countries and regions including the United States, Canada, Russia, Singapore, the United Arab Emirates, Korea, Malaysia, Hong Kong (China) and Macau (China), with an average monthly growth rate of 80 - 100 stores."
SPIE Oil & Gas S...,4.1,(130 Reviews),Private,"Cergy,Val Doise + 11 more",19 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Since its creation, SPIE Oil & Gas Services mission as a service company has been to transform work into energy, and vice versa.

Over 3,000 engineers and technicians dedicate themselves every day to projects with a spirit of adventure where risk-taking is mitigated by preparation.

Thanks to their energy and our evolving expertise, we assist our clients from the engineering phase of their projects through to operations.

Our clients are the catalyst of our evolution, and it is thanks to their trust that SPIE Oil & Gas Services deploys the most comprehensive range of services on the market in over 30 countries."
Marble Box,3.9,(130 Reviews),Private,Chicago + 2 more,21 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Marble Box provides managed services for independent insurance agencies for functions, that while vital to the operation of a successful insurance agency, take resources away from soliciting new customers and providing excellent customer service."
Navneet Educatio...,3.9,(130 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 23 more",64 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Navneet Education Limited is a purpose-driven organization, doing what it takes to move the needle and promulgate knowledge. The Gala Family established the brand in 1959 and since then we have been the major force in the dissemination of knowledge to the little learners of India.

With heart, hustle, and a lot of magic, we create Educational syllabus & non-syllabus based content in print. Scholastic Paper and Non-Paper Stationery products. General books and children’s books.Syllabus-based Digital Learning

Over the decades, Navneet has emerged as the preferred brand for educational products among teachers and students. The immensely popular products like Vikas workbooks, Gala practice books, YouVa full-scapes, are hot favorites amongst the young segment of India. These products are bestsellers not just because of their superior quality but also because of the nostalgic association of 90’s kids.

In December 2016, we acquired Encyclopedia Britannica (India) Pvt. Ltd. for publishing CBSE Textbooks. With this acquisition, Navneet will focus on serving the regional teaching and learning needs with supplemental digital solutions."
Technocon Servic...,3.4,(130 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 20 more",41 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"We aspire to be a leading technical service provider to provide quality engineering services to our customers for the growth of the infrastructure sector keeping in mind our responsibilities to our principals, customers, employees and society."
Spice Money,4.2,(130 Reviews),"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 37 more",23 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"Spice Money is India’s leading Rural Fintech company empowering merchants / nanopreneurs, called Spice Money Adhikaris through technology to cater to the digital and financial needs of rural citizens in India. Spice Money through its cutting-edge technology and wide network of Spice Money Adhikaris is bridging the gaps in access to various financial services for the masses across the length and breadth of India.

A 100% subsidiary of DiGiSPICE Technologies (NSE: DIGISPICE), Spice Money offers essential digital financial and e-retail services such as cash deposit and Aadhaar led withdrawals, mini ATM services, bill payments and recharge, money transfers, loans, tours and travel, and more to the rural citizens through Spice Money Adhikari App (available on Google play store with an industry best rating of 4.4) and Web portal.

The Spice Money network, comprising more than 10 lakh Adhikaris, covers more than 18,000 pin codes, 700 districts, and 5,000 blocks, serving over 10 crore households. In fact, the network now covers 95% of rural pin codes in India.

A regulated entity under the Reserve Bank of India, the company possesses all the relevant licenses like Prepaid Instruments License (PPI) & Bharat Bill Payment System (BBPS), GSP License, IRCTC, and the Corporate Agency license for Insurance by IRDA. Spice Money has partnered with various institutions, banks, and service providers enabling the company to launch various products & services that help the network and consumer base in inclusive growth.

In December 2020, Spice Money joined hands with actor and philanthropist Sonu Sood with a shared vision of harnessing the power of technology to promote entrepreneurship among the rural and semi-urban population. Together with Sonu Sood, the company reinvented it into a new identity – Spice Money to Life Bani encapsulating the brand philosophy of bringing real change in the lives of its customers & Adhikaris.

Spice Money has been constantly innovating to expand its reach to the underbanked and underserved parts of India. In February 2021, a zero-investment business initiative was launched that removed the barrier of entry for aspiring young rural entrepreneurs and enabled them to become a part of the Spice Money network completely free of cost with their very own ‘Digital Dukaan’.

Spice Money is also building India’s largest mATM Network to address the critical issue of inaccessibility to ATMs and physical banking infrastructure for those living in rural India. Spice Money has successfully activated more than 1,00,000 micro-ATMs throughout its network. As a testimony of its commitment, Spice Money has even covered India’s last village, Chitkul with its very first ATM network.

Spice Money is constantly working towards driving innovative tech-driven solutions to empower rural citizens and drive financial inclusion across the country."
MediBuddy,3.3,(130 Reviews),"Bangalore,Karnataka + 9 more",10 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"MediBuddy is a digital healthcare platform that enables users to access primary health care services anywhere in India. We’re the largest digital health platform, with 15,000  users serviced every day, 20 million  lives touched, 350  Corporate clients, 30  Insurance clients"
TDS Lithium-Ion ...,4.0,(130 Reviews),"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 4 more",4 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Fraazo,3.3,(130 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 11 more",7 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,N/A
Vivimed Labs,4.0,(129 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 9 more",32 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in 1991 in Hyderabad, India, Vivimed Labs has metamorphosed from a domestic small, entrepreneurial family-operated business to a globally renowned supplier of niche molecules and formulations across Healthcare, Pharmaceuticals and Specialty Chemicals consumers in nearly 50 countries.Driven by our philosophy of using chemistry as a base to create ingredients which touch human life on a day to day basis, Vivimed Labs delivers world-class products across the various segments we serve.The active ingredients manufactured by us are the preferred ingredients in Home & Personal care segments such as hair, skin, oral care and anti-microbial preservatives, by leading global FMCG conglomerates. Our current product portfolio caters to over 75% of the ingredient market. We are also present in the Industrial care segments such as, photo chromic dyes and imaging chemicals. We will soon be expanding our operations into the fast-emerging and highly demanding sector of Printable Electronics and Organic Semiconductors."
LEAP India,3.7,(129 Reviews),Private,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 19 more",10 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Beginning operations in 2013, within a short span, LEAPhas created a significant pan-India presence. We are oneof the fastest growing Supply Chain Management &Pooling players in India."
Macmillan Publis...,3.8,(129 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 24 more",131 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Macmillan’s guiding objective is to enhance education worldwide by supporting communities with culturally and geographically appropriate publishing programs and service. Macmillan’s pioneering spirit and reputation for quality has enabled us to build lasting relationships with teachers, educators and students.

At Macmillan Education we help learners around the world to achieve more. We support students, instructors and institutions through a lifetime of learning by providing them with world class content in the most relevant, engaging and flexible formats. Our passion for learning and commitment to education is second to none, which is why Macmillan Education remains the most trusted partner to deliver innovative solutions that will drive student performance and help educators and institutions to deliver excellent results"
Rakon,3.8,(129 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 1 more",56 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Rakon is a global high technology company that designs and manufactures world leading frequency control solutions. Today we live in a connected society of wired, wireless and optical networks. Data is being transferred everywhere, at any time and at high speeds. Rakon products are found at the forefront of communications where speed and reliability are paramount. Whether it be deep down in the infrastructure, satellites in space, or navigation devices – Rakon's products are at the forefront of enabling connectivity, faster and more reliably."
Infocepts Techno...,4.0,(129 Reviews),Private,"McLean,Virginia + 3 more",19 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"InfoCepts is a Data & Analytics Services firm – recognized by Gartner amongst the Top 50 in the world – who enables its customers to optimize & accelerate the value of all its data assets. Unique amongst its peers, InfoCepts operates with the scale as a global consulting firm, yet the expertise of a niche partner.Founded in 2004, InfoCepts is headquartered in Tysons Corner, VA, with offices throughout North America, Europe, and Asia. Every day more than 130,000 people use solutions powered by InfoCepts to make better decisions.Driven by our vision of delivering great customer experiences, we are looking for professionals who are passionate about making the world a better place by leveraging the power of data."
J.M Baxi & Co,4.0,(129 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 18 more",107 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Founded in 1916, J. M. Baxi & Co is India’s premier ship agency, serving tramp and container vessels and finding maritime carriage solutions for all types of cargo. Standing firm on the triple pillars of innovation, commitment and performance, J. M. Baxi & Co is also known universally for the values of accountability, customer satisfaction, excellence, and safety and security standards, which it engenders and stands for. It delivers award-winning performance in all its business activities. It is backed by over 600 experienced and committed professionals working from a nationwide network of offices in over 50 locations. J. M. Baxi & Co is the only ship agent in the world that does not subcontract out its core business Established in 1916, J.M.Baxi & Co. is India's premier shipping services company, standing firmly on the pillars of innovation, commitment and performance. J.M.Baxi & Co enjoys strong brand recall worldwide and is synonymous with the shipping industry in India. It delivers award winning performance in all it's business activities and is backed by over 750 experienced and committed professionals with a nation wide network of company-owned offices spanning 31 locations.The Company has a strong presence in most of its business lines and leadership in several of the shipping support services."
Birla white,4.1,(129 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 43 more,35 years old,1-10 Employees (India),"Birla White is a unit of UltraTech Cement Ltd., flagship of the US $41 bn Aditya Birla Group. In the year 1988, Birla White commenced its production of white cement in India. And since that time, Birla White cemented its place as a market leader. The brand can boast of an impressive portfolio of ground-breaking, white cement-based surface finishing products that not only enable exquisite interior design, but also protect surfaces from weathering. 

The brand has constantly reinvented itself, creating products that fulfil the needs of changing consumer attitudes and needs and effectively becoming a huge part of the construction evolution in India. Birla White became the first white cement company in India to receive the CE (Communauté Européenne) certification – recognition that its products meet the safety, health and environmental standards set by the European Union."
Kd Logistics,4.1,(129 Reviews),"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 21 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"KD Logistics doesn't just provide services, it engineers satisfaction. Within KD Logistics, quality of service is of paramount importance. Each project is treated as an opportunity, as a platform to set new goals. This philosophy has enabled KD Logistics to get ‘sticky customers' Pan India. We endeavor to reach a leadership position in each sector of our Services. We are committed to satisfying our customers by providing Quality Service, which gives the highest value for their money. We commit ourselves to continuous growth and provide a platform for our partners to grow along the way."
ILJIN AUTOMOTIVE,3.8,(129 Reviews),Seoul + 7 more,50 years old,N/A,N/A,"Since establishment in 1973, ILJIN has led the global wheel bearing market through growth and innovation. We strive for the highest level of customer.
satisfaction through customer focus, a top-down quality focus, based on ""creative innovation management."" Today ILJIN is a world class company that realizes the highest customer values."
Grauer & Weil (i...,3.8,(129 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 16 more",66 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Since 1957, Growel has been a trendsetter in the General Metal Finishing Industry and a formidable player in the field of Electroplating & Specialty Chemicals and Engineering equipments. In 2005, Growel ventured into real estate development and built a sprawling 475000 square feet Shopping Centre in the Western Suburbs of Mumbai. In 2007, with the addition of Protective Coatings & Industrial Lubricants into its manufacturing foray, Growel has become a One Stop Solution Provider for protection of all types of substrates across the various industrial segments.

Growel's R&D is recognized by The Indian Council of Science & Technology for its innovative & technological prowess in the Chemical & Paint divisions.

This recognition stands testimony to our unwavering commitment towards developing and producing quality products that are safe for the environment.

Growel's Chemical & Paint division is IMS (Integrated Management System) Certified. We are also the first Chemical Company in India to have received the coveted AS9100 Aerospace Certification, established by The Aerospace industry, which demonstrates our ability to satisfy DOD, NASA and FAA quality standards.

As a Corporate citizen conscientious of our environment & people's welfare, we are constantly engaged in the development of newer & sustainable green practices within our organization and so also, work with the local communities through our various CSR activities, ensuring development of the human capital at large.

We are bound to all our stakeholders to build trust & deliver the highest quality products & services by embracing fair trade practices through ethical & transparent dealings. We are dedicated to operating our facilities with utmost respect for the communities & environment in which we all live & work as they constitute an integral part of our business philosophy effectively driving sustained growth."
Pitti Lamination...,4.0,(129 Reviews),"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 2 more",40 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"We are one of India’s largest and most reputed manufacturer of specialised sheet metal components, its sub-assemblies for rotating electrical equipment and various machined components. Our products are supplied to varied industries including industrial drives, freight and passenger rail, mass urban transportation, power generation, aerospace, oil & gas, mining and earth moving equipment, renewable energy and infrastructure projects, amongst others. Steadily moving up the value chain all these years, we rank high as one of the few companies in the world to possess integrated processes under one roof. Employing 1,800+ professionals and workmen directly and indirectly at our 3 manufacturing plants strategically located at Hyderabad and Aurangabad."
INFRES METHODEX,3.3,(129 Reviews),Private,Faridabad + 35 more,36 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in 1987, INFRES Methodex Pvt. Ltd. - with its corporate office in New Delhi and a direct marketing presence in over 80 locations spread across India - is well entrenched in the Office Automation and Banking / Currency Automation arena. The Company's products, services and energies are all geared towards the enhancement of the business efficacy of our customers."
Appasamy Associa...,3.6,(129 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 19 more",45 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Since 1978, Appasamy Associates and Group of companies have been leading manufacturers and distributors of ophthalmic equipment, microscopes, lasers, IOLs, microsurgical instruments and pharmaceuticals. Our three decades of work have been widely appreciated throughout the world. Our dedication to support our products had become a bench mark among the community. We have dedicated R & D team to fulfill state of the art requirements of the ophthalmic community. More than 15% expenses are spend on development of new products. We strive hard to make each and every modern technology and equipment within the easy reach of ophthalmic surgeons and visions care professionals in India.

Our various manufacturing facilities at Chennai and Pondicherry have got quality systems certifications, audited by DNV and ITC for ISO 9001 and EN ISO 13485 requirements. The certifications bodies also provided CE marking for various products and CE compliance certifications for Class I products. Our Slit Lamps and Keratometer had been awarded UL mark.

We dedicate and resolve ourselves to continue our work, which will engulf the common man with easier and affordable access to the best possible vision care services."
SPRINKLR,3.4,(129 Reviews),Private,"New York City,New York + 4 more",14 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Sprinklr is the most complete social media management system for the enterprise. We help the world’s largest brands do marketing, advertising, care, sales, research, and commerce on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and 21 other channels globally – all on one integrated platform."
Capillary Techno...,3.9,(129 Reviews),Private,"Singapore,Singapore + 3 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Since 2008, Capillary has been at the forefront of the constant evolution in consumer experiences. At the time, according to the conversations Capillary co-founders Aneesh Reddy, Ajay Modani, and Krishna Mehra had with consumer brands, the biggest challenges they were facing was an inability to capture customer data, identify consumers visiting their stores and to communicate effectively with them.

Built on a big data platform, the Capillary CRM solution finally enabled brands to use their existing infrastructure to identify and understand each consumer, and directly communicate with them through mobile technology. Along with a revolutionary for the time, card-less, mobile first loyalty program, the SaaS solution closed the loop on customer acquisition, engagement and retention, finding takers across the world.

With the explosion of ecommerce in the following decade, Capillary addressed another major pain point brands were facing, which was to quickly, easily and reliably establish an online presence. With the acquisition of ecommerce platform provider, MartJack (Anywhere Commerce), Capillary helped brands deliver enriched online experiences with ease. Other products developments powered brands to look beyond just their physical stores or online portals and explore the multiple engagement and commerce channels that were emerging at the time.

As these interaction channels continue to evolve, providing a consistent consumer experience across all of them is becoming increasingly difficult for brands. As consumers expect a connected and seamless experience, Capillary has developed products that help brands get a 360° single view of customer and inventory across all channels, so they could stitch together previously siloed customer journeys with data, and build unified, cross channel strategies that deliver a consistent, omnichannel experience."
GlobusSoft,4.4,(129 Reviews),Private,"Bhilai/Bhillai,Chhattisgarh + 3 more",14 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"With the heritage of over 10 years, Globussoft has grown into an international family of brands with the desire to simply make things work better in business. At the heart of our technology is a commitment to provide a versatile and mature application development strategy and customized business methodologies and terminology to satisfy our customers' requirements. Our real-world business and technical expertise enables us to work with customers. Help find the best way to commercially interpret briefs to deliver projects in terms of scope, time, and budget."
Shipco Transport,3.7,(129 Reviews),Private,"Hoboken,New Jersery + 3 more",35 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Established in 1988, Shipco Transport Inc. is a subsidiary of Scan-Group and has organically grown into one of the world’s leading neutral NVOCC's. Headquartered in Chatham, New Jersey, Shipco Transport operates more than 70 offices worldwide and has over 2,000 employees across 4 continents.

Our company’s truly intermodal character offering LCL, FCL and Airfreight services, combined with a global reach, uniquely positions Shipco Transport as a ‘one-stop’ provider of worldwide shipping solutions. In addition, a sophisticated and unique package of customized E-commerce tools available around the clock, offers customers seamless access to a global network of offices and dedicated agents.

Furthering our global footprint, Shipco Transport is a founding member of the WorldWide Alliance - an association of the world's leading neutral NVOCC's. The Alliance brings together an exclusive network of like-minded companies, at origin and destination, ensuring a synergy of service at both ends of the shipping process.

As a company and as individuals, Shipco Transport is committed to building strong relationships with our customers, one shipment at a time."
ESAF CO-OPERATIV...,3.7,(129 Reviews),"Thrissur,Kerala + 61 more",31 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"ESAF Swasraya Multi State Agro Co-operative Society Limited is reaching out over 20Lakhs low income women across 5 states of India through multiple programs and initiatives that promote financial inclusiveness. The vision of ESAF Co-operative is “total financial inclusion of its members that promotes economic development”. ESAF Co-operative is the first business correspondent of ESAF Small Finance Bank and it makes sure that the last mile is 

The larger objective of ESAF is to fight the partiality of prosperity and the same is achieved through the customer centric approach, strategies, products and services offered by ESAF Co-operative to the last mile customer. The unique model of ESAF Cooperative serves to bring various subsidiaries of ESAF together and offer seamless service to its members. One of such initiative is its active support to the Dairy sector through Rhema Dairy Products India Pvt"
Dealmoney Securi...,3.9,(129 Reviews),"Thane,Maharashtra + 16 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"We strive to design solutions by getting a precise, complete understanding of our customers’ needs, investment requirements, and capital protection. Our strategic business branches remain focused on serving local individual customers with distinct needs and preferences.
The organization is helmed by a professional, qualified team with great zeal. Our CEO, Dishant Sagwaria, has 20 years of experience on advising businesses on Valuations, Mergers & Acquisitions, and structuring of transactions. He is also the former CEO of Ahmedabad and Vadodara Stock Exchange. Here, at Dealmoney, it’s not just about what we do; it’s about what we make possible for our esteemed customers to do, and we constantly strive towards being one of the ‘Most Preferred’ financial services companies. By investing in quality human capital, we see consistent business growth, gaining momentum, and increase in our market share.We wish to continually honor our great heritage of providing excellent advice to our many valued customers who expect the best from us each day. We all play a major part in shaping our customers’ destiny."
Megafine Pharma,3.9,(129 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 6 more",28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Megafine, established in 1995, is a privately owned and professionally managed enterprise with it's corporate office in Mumbai and two multipurpose manufacturing sites at Vapi & Nashik in India, Vapi facility being successfully inspected by US-FDA and the Nashik facility is being approved by BGVFHH Germany (EMA EU-GMP), Japan PMDA, Health Canada, TGA Australia, COFEPRIS Mexico & Korea MFDS. Both the plants are also certified by WHO GMP, ISO 9001:2008, 14001:2004 & OHSAS 18001:2007 and have been audited by several Innovators and leading Generic companies from time to time"
Mashreq Bank,3.5,(129 Reviews),Public,"Dubai,Dubai + 6 more",56 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Welcome to Mashreq Bank. Join now and start interacting with us. Mashreq Bank is one of the largest privately owned banks in the UAE, providing financial solutions to customers since 1967."
Century Pulp & P...,4.0,(129 Reviews),Private,"Nainital,Uttarakhand + 10 more",39 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Century Pulp and Paper (CPP) is a producer of excellent quality writing and printing paper, and a leading manufacturer of tissue and board, as well as Rayon Grade Pulp (RGP) products. A division of Century Textile and Industries Ltd (CTIL), Century Pulp and Paper has achieved significant efficiencies in various disciplines, all within a short time.

Situated at the foothills of the Himalayas in Lalkua (Nainital), Century Pulp and Paper is a committed employer of the local community. The company is proud to attain these international standards as a leading producer of pulp and paper:"
Star Hospitals,4.2,(129 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 12 more",18 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"At STAR Hospitals, we are proud to be a stimulating institution with a tradition of high standards of team excellence in patient-centred care, teaching and research. We bring together a dedicated team of expert physicians, nurses and other healthcare professionals to provide the highest standards of medical treatment. Our multidisciplinary services offer extensive and state-of-the-art medical care. Our full range of primary and specialty healthcare services enable cross-specialty consultation, which assures comprehensive treatment for each patient.STAR Hospitals, strategically located at Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, provides ethical and personalised care within an infrastructure on par with the best institutions around the world. Our multidisciplinary services offer extensive and state-of-the-art medical care. Our full range of primary and specialty healthcare services enable cross-specialty consultation, which assures comprehensive treatment for each patient. STAR Hospitals, strategically located at Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, provides ethical and personalised care within an infrastructure on par with the best institutions around the world."
Vinati Organics,4.0,(129 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 8 more",34 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Established in 1989, Vinati Organics Limited (VOL) is a specialty chemical company, focusing on manufacturing specialty chemicals and organic intermediaries. We combine innovation with chemistry to deliver value-added products to our customers. We follow the highest quality standards and our products meet diverse customer expectations.

At Vinati Organics Limited, we have two plants, both situated in Maharashtra at Mahad (Raigad) and Lote Parashuram (Ratnagiri). Our plants are ISO 14001:2015, ISO 45001:2018 and OHSAS 18001:2007 certified for following quality control, environment & health and safety standards. We are world leaders in two of our main products, Isobutyl Benzene (IBB) and 2-Acrylamido 2 Methylpropane Sulfonic Acid (ATBS).  

We export our products to more than 35 countries and our customers are present across the US, South America, Europe and Asia."
Brand Factory,4.5,(129 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 33 more",17 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"Looking for the best online shopping experience? You’re in the right place! At Brand Factory, we strive hard to bring you the latest trends, top fashion brands and the highest quality clothes online.

We are a one-stop online shopping fashion destination where you can shop for men, women and kids. Our varied selection covers trendy clothes, fashion-forward accessories, stylish footwear, bags and backpacks, all under the same roof.

Whether you are a busy professional or have a hectic college schedule, Brand Factory brings you the convenience of shopping for your favourite styles right from the comfort of your home. Now you don’t have to struggle with planning shopping trips to the mall or local market – online shopping sites like us make it possible for you to pick the latest styles with a few clicks of a button, and deliver your online shopping fashion haul right to your doorstep.

Grab the hottest brands with the most stylish designs at a fraction of their original price only with Brand Factory – the best online shopping website for a modern YOU!"
Apcer Life Scien...,3.6,(129 Reviews),"Princeton,New Jersey",16 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"APCER Life Sciences provides comprehensive drug safety/pharmacovigilance, medical information, medical writing, regulatory services, quality assurance and risk management programs to pharmaceutical and biotech companies globally. 

We bring medicinal / scientific expertise through our healthcare professionals & physicians and address full pharmacovigilance requirements for North America, UK & Europe markets. Our clients benefit from our vast experience in regulatory submissions across 100+ countries and consultative approach towards audit /inspection readiness.

Our focus towards Patient safety and Risk profile management makes us the preferred choice for pharma companies who are looking for pre /post marketing compliance & reporting solutions.

We have scalable operations across five global offices which house more than 750 employees: Princeton, NJ, USA; London, UK; Germany, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, New Delhi and Ahmedabad, India."
Axis Finance,4.1,(129 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 40 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Axis Finance Limited (AFL) is a Non- Banking Financial Company (NBFC) which provides Wholesale and Retail lending solutions to Corporate and Retail customers respectively across geographies and businesses.

As a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Axis Bank, Axis Finance Limited endeavours to offer complementary financial solutions to its customers who have unique financing requirements. Our portfolio of products on the retail side include Loan against Property, Business Loan, Consumer Finance, Personal Loan and Loan against Securities. In the Wholesale lending space, we cater to Special Situations Funding, Structured and Mezzanine Financing and Real-Estate Financing requirements of Corporates.

We strive to foster robust relationships with our clients and to be a preferred financial solutions provider."
Keller Ground En...,4.3,(129 Reviews),Private,London + 15 more,163 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Every day, people around the world live and work on ground prepared by Keller, the world’s largest geotechnical specialist contractor.

Used individually or in combination, our technologies solve a wide range of challenges across the entire construction sector – from industrial, commercial and housing projects to infrastructure construction for dams, tunnels, transportation and water treatment, as well as projects to address environmental challenges.

Global strength and local focus are what makes us unique. Our knowledge of local markets and ground conditions means we’re ideally placed to understand and respond to a particular local engineering challenge. Our global knowledge base then allows us to tap into a wealth of experience, and the best minds in the industry, to find the optimum solution."
JK Agri Genetics,4.1,(129 Reviews),Public,Hyderabad + 34 more,34 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"JK Agri Genetics Ltd.(JKAL), is a leading seed company established in 1989 with its headquarters at Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh(India). JKAL is one of the pioneers in the Indian seed industry committed to serve farming community. JKAL is engaged in research and development, production, processing and marketing of Cotton, Maize, Paddy, Pearl Millet, Sorghum , Sunflower, Castor, Mustard, Wheat, Sorghum Sudan grass, Fodder beet, Tomato, Okra, Chillies and other vegetable seeds."
Home Centre,4.2,(129 Reviews),Dubai + 25 more,28 years old,11-50 Employees (India),N/A,"A leading home retailer in India with over 30 stores, Home Centre is one of the country’s most preferred home shopping destinations.
 
Since 1995, Home Centre has brought the joy of homemaking to millions of customers. Starting off with a single store in Sharjah, UAE, today the brand has over 100 stores worldwide. Over the years, Home Centre has earned a reputation for delivering outstanding value, continuous innovation and exceptional customer experience.

 Home Centre offers an extensive and impressive range of furniture, modular furniture, home furnishings, home accessories, bed and bath products and kitchenware. Home Centre’s in-house team of stylists and buyers draw inspiration from global trends to bring stylish and affordable furniture and homeware to a wide spectrum of homes ranging from the traditional to the modern.

Home Centre India has been awarded as the most admired retailer in the home and office improvement category for 3 consecutive years from 2014 to 2016."
Trigo Quality Pr...,2.7,(129 Reviews),Private,"Tel Aviv,Tel Aviv + 19 more",26 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Founded in 1997, TRIGO Group is a multinational company providing quality solutions for the automotive, aerospace and other transport industries. With more than 10 000 employees worldwide, our company offers a comprehensive portfolio of inspection and management services to address the quality challenges of various supply chains. Operating a cutting-edge global know-how transfer network, TRIGO has become the world’s largest player in the quality sector with a growing number of subsidiaries set on four continents."
Niine,3.9,(129 Reviews),"Gurgaon,Haryana + 39 more",5 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A,"India has the second-highest menstruating population globally with 35.5 crore females. However, the penetration of the organized Sanitary Napkins market remains astonishingly low at 18%. Niine started with a commitment to bring about a change in this number. With the launch of Niine Sanitary Napkins in May 2018, we embarked on a journey to serve and contribute towards improving female hygiene & sanitation conditions across India and to significantly grow the overall market.

After a great success with Niine Sanitary Napkins in India, Niine is now growing into ‘Niine Hygiene and Personal Care.’ We have successfully launched our range of Hand Hygiene products which include handwashes as well as hand sanitizers in liquid and gel form. Going forward, we will also mark our presence in the Premium Baby diapers and Baby wipes category. We constantly strive to provide solutions beyond just products, by leveraging research and technology to facilitate convenience and ultimately improve the lives of our consumers."
Civica India,4.0,(129 Reviews),Private,"London,England",22 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Civica is one of the UK’s largest software companies, with over 30 years of proven expertise in delivering improved outcomes for public services around the world."
Adhunik Metaliks,3.7,(251 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 11 more",22 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Adhunik Group, the Rs.4000 crore conglomerates, is one of the fastest-growing groups in India. It is engaged in mining, steel, power, and value-added steel products, catering to a vast and quality-focused customer base.

With a dependable and committed employee and strong customer support, the Group has emerged as a steady performer, undeterred even during cyclical fluctuations and unsteadiness of the market. It has grown continuously, backed with strong financial performance.

The Group has steel manufacturing facilities in Orissa and Jharkhand. Besides, it has a chain of value-added products including carbon and alloy steel billets, auto-grade steel rolled products, rounds and flats (4,50,000 TPA), TMT bars and wire rods (1,50,000 TPA), sponge iron (5,10,000 TPA), pig iron (2,31,000 TPA), Ferro alloys products including Ferro manganese, Silico manganese, Ferro silicon (50,000 TPA) and stainless steel products (1,20,000 TPA).

The Group has embarked upon an ambitious expansion plan in the power sector. It is implementing a 540 MW power plant in Jharkhand which is on the verge of completion. The Group has also secured captive coal block for this 540 MW power It has an existing power generation capacity of 64 MW which is being captively consumed."
JGC Corporation,4.4,(149 Reviews),Private,Kanagawa + 11 more,95 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),"Centered on the two business segments of the EPC business targeting an extensive business field, and functional materials manufacturing propped up by unique technologies, JGC operates businesses in a variety of regions throughout the world, contributing to economic growth and industrial development in not only Japan, but also in various countries worldwide."
Cooper-Standard ...,3.8,(128 Reviews),Public,"Northville,Michigan + 10 more",63 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"At Cooper Standard, we have an unwavering commitment to our strategic vision for driving value through culture, innovation and results. We know what we do well and we focus intently on doing it better than anyone else. We’ve created a precise blueprint for product development, design and manufacturing. We have standardized practices across the organization to ensure safety, quality, reliability and sustained excellence – year-after-year – in every area of the business."
Mindlance,4.2,(128 Reviews),Private,"Union,New Jersey + 5 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"To create the industry’s most scalable service delivery model that is unmatched, powered by strong processes and quality fundamentals, and complemented by a disciplined focus on exceeding every performance goal for every client. To do this in a way that builds trust and places relationships at the center of the business ecosystem, so that we not only aim high, but also reach for the best within. That is the Mindlance way"
Ring Plus Aqua,3.8,(128 Reviews),Public,Thane + 7 more,26 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are equipped with state-of-the-art machines for critical processes and are certified with ISO/TS 16949 Quality system & follow latest management practices including application of TOC, Lean Manufacturing & Kaizen. We also have a state-of-the-art value stream line to deliver high volumes with optimum quality.

At the heart of our success is our continuing focus on producing products that exceed our customers’ expectations with an emphasis on flexible delivery and reliable quality.

We cater to the JIT needs of our esteemed customers through our warehouse in United States. We have years of logistic experience in supplying to Europe, USA, South America, Japan, China, South East Asia & Australia. All this coupled with the excellent SCM and VMI solutions with 100% delivery performance to meet customer requirements."
Nahar Industrial...,4.1,(128 Reviews),Public,"Ludhiana,Punjab + 9 more",40 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"NAHAR Industrial Enterprises Ltd. (OWM Group) is a leading industrial house of northern India, continuously growing and diversifying Along with of its stakeholders, while engaging itself to the well being of environment & Society. NAHAR Industrial Enterprises Ltd. established in 90’s is a vertically-integrated Textile manufacturer, with operations from Spinning, Weaving, Processing, Yarn Dyed, Sugar & logistic. NAHAR Industrial Enterprises Ltd is a US$250 Billion group. NIEL is a part of OWM Group. OWM Group emanating in 1949 as a small woolen worsted spinner and Hosiery manufacturer, Group has grown itself as leading textile giant of India. OWM Group is a Billion $ group with main presence in cotton & woolen textile. 1. Woolen products like Pullovers, Cardigans, Shirts, Coats, Baby Suites, Mufflers, Shawls, Blankets, Knitting Wool, etc. 2. Cotton/ Blended Knitted Hosiery Pullovers, T Shirts, Baby Suites, Ladies Tops, Winter Thermals, Tracksuits, Jackets, Hoodies etc. 3. Yarn of all types, woolen, woolen blended, Cotton, Polyester Cotton, Other Blended, Compact Yarn, Mercerized Gassed Yarn, Organic Cotton Yarn, etc. 4. Woven Fabric for shirts, trousers as well as Denims etc In addition to these major activities, Group is diversifying into new areas and as on date Group is engaged into Sugar Manufacturing, BOPP film, Investments, Lending, Financial Advisory, Solar Power Generation, Wind Mills and Non-Conventional Co- Generation Power Plant etc. etc. Productive work environment, Corporate Governance, Healthy business ethics, continuous improvement and dynamic employee engagement have been the key to our excellence as an Industry Leader."
BPL Medical Tech...,4.3,(128 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 20 more,56 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"BPL Medical Technologies, the Indian multinational, spearheads pioneering efforts in medical technology and innovation, keeping with legacy since 1967. Synonymous with Trust, our products and systems are certified by national and international quality agencies. With our commitment to making in India, we help you experience great quality at unparalleled value. Our high standards of product performance has made us the No.1 choice of hospitals, clinics and practising physicians across the country.

BPL Medical Technologies Private Limited is a trusted company that provides reliable products and dependable service to its customers. Our products manufactured in an 13485 : 2016 certified facility conform to global standards of quality assurance and best practices.We were recently conferred the prestigious Frost & Sullivan 'Customer Value Leadership Award 2016' in the India medical device technology category. The organisation has also being conferred an award for 'ET Best Healthcare Brand 2016'. In addition, we have also been recognised with 6 awards for Medical technology innovation. The company was earlier awarded the prestigious Frost & Sullivan Best Practices Awards in 2011 for 'Market Share Leadership in the Value Segment of ECG devices'.

To further strengthen our commitment to Anaesthesia and Critical care, we acquired UK based Penlon Ltd. in September 2015, a global leader in the segment. Our collaboration with the best brains across the world and our high capacity manufacturing facilities provide our customers with latest technologies at affordable prices. We will continue to introduce innovative products and expand our customer support network to enhance the productivity of healthcare.

With 14 offices across India and customer care centres with team of over 600 service personnel located even in the farthest corners of the country we are committed to service support- We are always within your reach."
FICO,4.0,(128 Reviews),Private,"San Jose,California + 4 more",67 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"FICO at a GlanceFICO’s groundbreaking use of Big Data and mathematical algorithms to predict consumer behavior has transformed entire industries. The company provides analytics software and tools used across multiple industries to manage risk, fight fraud, build more profitable customer relationships, optimize operations and meet strict government regulations. Many of our products reach industry-wide adoption — such as the FICO® Score, the standard measure of consumer credit risk in the United States. FICO solutions leverage open-source standards and cloud computing to maximize flexibility, speed deployment and reduce costs. The company also helps millions of people manage their personal credit health.Founded in 1956, FICO introduced analytic solutions such as credit scoring that have made credit more widely available, not just in the United States but around the world. We have pioneered the development and application of critical technologies behind decision management. These include predictive analytics, business rules management and optimization. We use these technologies to help businesses improve the precision, consistency and agility of their complex, high–volume decisions.A Global PresenceFICO has offices throughout the world serving industries including financial services, health care, insurance, automotive, public sector, retail, pharmaceuticals, telecommunications, travel and hospitality, media and entertainment, high tech and utilities."
CANTABIL RETAIL ...,3.9,(128 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 39 more",23 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Cantabil Retail India Ltd. is in the business of designing, manufacturing, branding and retailing of apparels under the brand name of CANTABIL. We have a network of 280+ exclusive retail outlets & employee strength of more than 2500 spread across India. The Company started its garments manufacturing and retailing business in the year 2000 and opened its first Cantabil store in September, 2000 in New Delhi. The CANTABIL brand offers the complete range of formal-wear, party-wear, casuals & ultracasual clothing for Men and Women in the middle to high income group. In the last 18 years, CANTABIL has become a complete family wear brand with addition of women’s wear segment in 2007 under brand name CROZO. Sales of the Company were Rs. 289 Cr. in fiscal year 2018-19. We launched another brand KANESTON in 2013. The KANESTON brand caters to men’s segment in accessories like under-garments, ties, belts, socks, caps and handkerchief etc."
Shantha Biotechn...,4.6,(128 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 2 more",30 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Shantha Biotechnics is an Indian biotechnology company headquartered in Hyderabad, India. It is the first Indian company to develop, manufacture and market recombinant human healthcare products in India. The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sanofi group."
Fidelis Technolo...,3.9,(128 Reviews),Private,Bengaluru + 21 more,13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The management comprises a mix of IT & industry professionals. We strive towards meeting high level of technical and attitudinal skill requirements of our clients. Fidelis will support you through various stages of Technology life cycle > Planning, Deployment, Management & Update/Upgrade, by providing skills in Technology Infrastructure on an outsourced basis. We focus on end-to-end service to relieve all our clients of routine administrative tasks. As part of our services we provide Advisory and placement services to our clients

Fidelis was incorporated in 2010 and since then it has grown over the years catering to different industries across Indian sub continent

Fidelis has been a leading service provider in staff augmentation & solutions in various industries in Indian sub-continent, we redefine our comprehensive solution as per customer needs. It’s always our endeavor to be recognised as a partner-by-default.

We offer an enriching experience that promotes career growth and lifelong learning to our employees."
Indo Rama Synthe...,4.0,(128 Reviews),Public,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 8 more",37 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"The Company offers a wide range of polyester products which include Polyester Staple Fibre (PSF), Partially Oriented Yarn (POY), Draw Texturised Yarn (DTY), Fully Drawn Yarn (FDY) and Polyester Chips."
ITM Group of Ins...,3.4,(128 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 22 more",32 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The ITM Group of Institutions has a thriving and vibrant population of students in its campuses across the country that creates a study and personal development. With the able support of its experienced full-time faculty members and several visiting faculties to moving towards fulfilling its vision, that of becoming a global leader in professional education, whose mission is to impart futuristic with a high sense of discipline and social relevance in a serene and invigorating environment."
Trantor,3.7,(128 Reviews),Private,Menlo Park + 1 more,11 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Trantor is a leading software development company headquartered in Menlo Park, CA. Trantor proficiently handles all aspects and challenges of software development from product and feature definition, through core product development and QA, deployment, and ongoing maintenance simplifying your IT infrastructure to achieve maximum ROI."
Incrementors Web...,4.4,(128 Reviews),Private,New Delhi,19 years old,51-200 Employees (India),N/A
Xylem Water Solu...,4.1,(128 Reviews),Private,"Rye Brook,New York + 12 more",12 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Xylem Inc. is a large American water technology provider, in public utility, residential, commercial, agricultural and industrial settings. The company does business in more than 150 countries"
HEG,4.0,(128 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 4 more",51 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"HEG Ltd, a premier company of the LNJ Bhilwara group, is today India’s leading graphite electrode manufacturer. It has one of the largest integrated Graphite Electrode plants in the world, processing sophisticated UHP (Ultra High Power) Electrodes.The company exports over 70% of its production to more than 30 countries of the world.The position the company enjoys today in India and abroad is largely due to its commitment to constant upgradation of its product quality to match international standards and to meet new challenges to win and excel in all situations.In the 1990s, we set our “Vision” to be : “ A vibrant globally acknowledged top league player in Graphite Electrodes and allied businesses with commitment to growth, innovation, quality and customer focus.”In Graphite, our focus is on UHP grade electrodes, and we have expanded our product range and established the same on some of the toughest furnaces of our customers. Today, we have years of experience supplying quality UHP grade electrodes all over the world."
TCS e-Serve Inte...,3.6,(128 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 19 more,5k-10k Employees (India),N/A,"TCS eServe is one of the largest providers of business processing outsourcing services within the Banking and Financial Services sector, providing end-to-end process management across the BFSI spectrum and a broad array of services to Citi’s consumer, corporate and global wealth management businesses world wide. 
TCS eServe has more than 14,000 employees located in India."
OmniActive Healt...,4.0,(128 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 8 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Started in 2004, OmniActive Health Technologies is one of the leaders in the Nutraceutical industry. We offer a range of quality ingredients, that are innovative and scientifically validated for dietary supplementation, nutritional fortification and functional food/beverage applications, WE BELIEVE- Our purpose“We improve lives by enhancing nutrition and wellness, using science and innovation”We give commitment to our customers not only through innovation but also quality"
PowerSchool Indi...,4.1,(128 Reviews),Private,"Folsom,California + 1 more",16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"At PowerSchool, we believe in the simple truth that every student deserves the best opportunities in life. That’s why our mission is to power the education ecosystem with unified technology that helps educators and students realize their potential, in their way. From the front office to the classroom to the home, PowerSchool helps schools and districts efficiently manage instruction, learning, grading, attendance, assessment, analytics, state reporting, special education, student registration, talent, finance, and HR. Today, we’re proud to be the leading provider of K-12 education application technology supporting over 45 million students in over 80 countries. Visit"
Hindustan Foods,3.5,(128 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 17 more",35 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Hindustan Foods Limited is proud to be ‘The Brawn Behind Your Brands’ - having created a moat for itself over the last two decades as India’s most diversified and trusted FMCG contract manufacturers for marquee brands in India due to its long standing relationship with majors like Hindustan Unilever, Reckitt Benckiser, Danone, Gabor, US Polo Association, etc.

HFL specializes in setting up one-stop contract manufacturing solutions and the ability to consistently deliver quality products. It offers flexible business models suitable for any size of customer and across product categories. The Client is assured of complete protection of their Intellectual Property, while leveraging the many benefits of outsourced manufacturing facilities and thereby giving them the ability to increase focus on their core competencies."
Logicash,3.4,(128 Reviews),Private,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 27 more",13 years old,1k-5k Employees (Global),"Logicash as a solution provider is transforming ""Cash Management Industry"" with its entrepreneurial spirit and performance driven culture.Our vision as a ""Cash Management Service Provider"" is to be a leader in delivery of timely, comprehensive, cost-effective and innovative business solutions that empowers our clients to take optimal business decisions.We are committed to the highest levels of professional standards and services, and offer a distinctive value proposition to our client (BFSI & Retail segments) by managing cash efficiently."
Exeltis,4.0,(128 Reviews),Private,Madrid + 22 more,20 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Exeltis is the result of the natural evolution and sustained growth of the Insud Pharma pharmaceutical business, an integrated health sciences group. It combines the Group’s know-how and experience with the innovative spirit of Exeltis, becoming a global organization with the capacity to discover, develop, produce and market medicinal products and medical devices that can help to improve the quality of life of millions of people worldwide."
Moolchand Medcit...,3.2,(128 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,New Delhi + 2 more",17 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"As one of India’s foremost names in healthcare, Moolchand has been setting standards for the past 9 decades. We have been providing healthcare services to three generations of Delhites with care and dedication. Our vision has always been to create a truly unique institution: a place that puts patients' interests first. 

Our focus on super-specialization, rigorous credentialing, a systematic clinical review process and clinical capability building ensures we bring you doctors with deep expertise in niche areas to provide you the excellence you deserve.

At our Medcity campus you have access to expertise of more than 250 doctors from 50+ specialties. Moolchand Care Pathways are protocol driven, reflect global best practices and ensure that our patients consistently receive quality care. We have created a hospital that is ""complete” in all respects to give you a holistic healthcare experience.

Many firsts in Indian healthcare have emerged out of Moolchand (e.g. first Minimal Access Surgery in India). Our commitment to redefining healthcare has resulted in Moolchand winning innumerable awards and accolades for quality and excellence over the years. As a result, patients can count on consistent and extraordinary quality.

Given this you can always count on Moolchand to “do what’s right for you”."
APC By Schneider...,4.1,(128 Reviews),Private,"West Kingston,RI + 13 more",42 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"For nearly four decades, APC has been the industry-standard for reliable power and physical IT infrastructure. Now the leading name in IT departments large and small and among our vast community of channel partners, our history of innovation has pushed our products into the global spotlight with infrastructure, management, and data security solutions protecting organisations around the world.

Incorporated in 1981, the American Power Conversion Corporation was established with a focus on research and development into solar electricity. . Formed by three electronic power engineers from MIT, APC then opened a Rhode Island-based manufacturing facility in 1986; the company also produced its first UPS that year, the 450AT+, which received a PC Magazine 'Editor's Choice’ award. In 1988, APC stock was made available for public trade."
Velnik India,3.3,(128 Reviews),Private,"Indore,Madhya Pradesh + 23 more",6 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Velnik India is one of the leading company in India engaged in manufacturing & marketing of hair care & personal care products. We are a professionally managed company, with well-equipped manufacturing, R&D and Marketing infrastructure.
Velnik India has pan India market presence plus footprint in more than 20 countries worldwide. The company produces a large range of certified natural hair care, skin care products, together with other personal care products. Acknowledging the hair and skin suitability our all products are made with care and observation."
MoreTasks,4.5,(128 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana",7 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"With a very diverse environment and a rather distinguishable culture, our clients are successfully able to sail through difficult problems. Diversity generates a better strategy, better risk management, better debates, and better outcomes. 
‍
Our team specializes in creating memorable experiences for the customers.
‍How? Because we give human touch to your Customer Experience Solutions.

MoreTasks provides its partners with specialized operations across various platforms. This uplifts the business and creates value across all CX channels."
Schott Poonawall...,3.6,(128 Reviews),Daman & Diu + 9 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Medline Industri...,4.1,(128 Reviews),Private,"Northfield,Illinois + 2 more",57 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Medline is the largest privately held manufacturer and distributor of medical supplies uniquely positioned to provide products, education and support across the continuum of care. Our ability to bring best practices from one care setting to another — from large healthcare systems and independent physician practices to home health patients and their families, is what sets us apart.
Our team is made up of clinicians, researchers, engineers, financial experts and 1,200 direct sales representatives with outstanding expertise. They know the healthcare business from the bottom up and top down."
Jubilant Industr...,4.1,(486 Reviews),Public,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 29 more",16 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Jubilant Industries Ltd. is the flagship Company of Agri and Performance Polymers business of the Jubilant Bhartia group. The Company’s diversified portfolio of Agri products, Performance Polymers and IMFL businesses delivers broad range of technology based products and solutions to customers in India as well as globally.

Over the years, this business has attained a significant size in India and the Company aims at scaling up its business in global markets. The company’s strategic focus is to innovate, collaborate and accelerate the process of delivering the products to the market for its customers’. At Jubilant Industries emphasis is given to cater to the needs of the customers through good quality services and products being manufactured at the state of the art manufacturing plants of the Company at Gajraula, Sahibabad [in Uttar Pradesh], Kapasan [in Rajasthan], Nira [in Maharashtra] and Samlaya [in Gujarat]. The business works closely with customers using research and development to introduce intelligent system solutions and sophisticated products to suit the end consumer's needs.

In line with Company’s continued focus on sustainability of the business the Company aims at improving stakeholder value through improved eco efficient use of capital and natural resources. Its approach to sustainable development focuses on the triple bottom line of Economic, Environment and Social performance. Corporate Social Responsibility is an integral part of how we conduct our business and our efforts are directed towards community development, through initiatives in the areas of primary education, basic healthcare and livelihood generation programs."
Mitsubishi Heavy...,4.1,(224 Reviews),Private,Tokyo + 21 more,139 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Mitsubishi Heavy Industries (MHI) Group is one of the world’s leading industrial firms. For more than 130 years, we have channeled big thinking into solutions that move the world forward – advancing the lives of everyone who shares our planet. We deliver innovative and integrated solutions across a wide range of industries, covering land, sea, sky and even space. 
MHI Group is made of more than 200 companies and 80,000 innovators worldwide, operating in three business domains: ""Power Systems,""​ ""Industry & Infrastructure,""​ ""Aircraft, Defense & Space.""​ We have a consolidated revenue of around 40 billion U.S. Dollars. 
We aim to contribute to environmental sustainability while achieving global growth, using our leading-edge technologies. By bringing people and ideas together as one, we continue to pave the way to a future of shared success."
Quest Diagnostic...,3.5,(147 Reviews),Private,"Secaucus,New Jersey + 9 more",56 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Quest Diagnostics (NYSE: DGX) empowers people to take action to improve health outcomes.  Derived from the world's largest database of clinical lab results, our diagnostic insights reveal new avenues to identify and treat disease, inspire healthy behaviors and improve health care management.  Quest annually serves one in three adult Americans and half the physicians and hospitals in the United States, and our 45,000 employees understand that, in the right hands and with the right context, our diagnostic insights can inspire actions that transform lives.

The company offers physicians the broadest test menu (3,000+ tests), is a pioneer in developing innovative new tests, is the leader in cancer diagnostics, provides anatomic pathology (AP) services, & interpretive consultation through its medical & scientific staff of about 900 M.D.s & Ph.D.s. The company reported 2014 revenues of $7.4 billion. Quest Diagnostics offers the most extensive clinical testing network in the U.S., with laboratories in most major metropolitan areas, & in Mexico, the UK & India. The company also operates four esoteric laboratories, 40 outpatient AP laboratories, & 160 smaller, rapid-response laboratories. 

Patients may have specimens collected in any of the company’s approximately 2,200 patient service centers. On a typical workday, testing is performed for about 550,000 patients. 

Quest Diagnostics empowers healthcare organizations & clinicians with state-of-the-art connectivity solutions. 

The company is the leading provider of pre-employment drugs-of-abuse screening for employers & risk assessment services for the life insurance industry. It is the world’s 2nd largest provider of clinical trials testing for new pharmaceuticals."
NXP Semiconducto...,4.1,(127 Reviews),Public,Eindhoven + 5 more,54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"NXP Semiconductors N.V. enables secure connections for a smarter world, advancing solutions that make lives easier, better, and safer. As the world leader in secure connectivity solutions for embedded applications, NXP is driving innovation in the automotive, industrial & IoT, mobile, and communication infrastructure markets.

Our employees are the ones who put our corporate values into daily practice. The dedication, ingenuity, and creativity they bring to their work enable us to be insightful, engaging, inventive, and committed to excellence.

Our company has approximately 30,000 employees in more than 30 countries.

Our corporate headquarters is based in Eindhoven, The Netherlands."
Wellspring Healt...,3.4,(127 Reviews),Private,Mumbai + 15 more,13 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Healthspring was founded in 2010 with the launch of our first center in India's financial capital, Mumbai in 2011.We are a physician led company, with a team of over a 200 doctors supported by more than 500 health experts including nutritionists, physiotherapists, nurses & pharmacists.Moreover we have responded to over 5000 emergencies. In 8 out of 10 cases, our doctors have successfully stabilised the patient at home, thus avoiding hospitalization."
RND Softech,3.7,(127 Reviews),Private,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 1 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The business world is being flattened by economics, technology, demographics and regulations. To win in this flattening world, companies must transform their way of working to seek and convert new opportunities wherever those opportunities may be. This means acquiring the ability to disaggregate your operations, people and resources across time zones, geographies, cultures and sourcing and delivering. RND Softech Private Limited is a leading business process outsourcing organization that envisioned and pioneered the adoption of the flexible global business practices that today enable companies to operate more efficiently and produce more value. We commenced operations in 1999, now, with a presence in 3 countries across 3 continents, & a comprehensive range of services across diverse business, we are one of the leading business support system company. We are the world first medical transcription company to have ISO certified quality management systems. The company has successfully trained professionals to render quality service to the US, Canada and Australian market. Our business model of facility based work environment helps us maintain our commitment to our clients. Our work is 100% in-house, thus ensuring effective communication and implementation of changing customer needs. At Rndsoft, customer satisfaction is a team effort. Every individual is aware of our quality policy and everyone work towards the single objective, ""CUSTOMER SATISFACTION."" The teams in production take responsibility of specific customer and their requirements."
ITCube Solutions,3.6,(127 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 3 more",20 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"ITCube are a global technology services, consulting and software development company with offices, customers, and partners across the world. We create high quality, robust, end-to-end custom software solutions that give our clients a competitive advantage, as we know that the only real measure of our success is the success of our customers.Since 2003 we have made it our mission to truly understand our customers’ business needs before starting any project and have built trusted, long-term, collaborative partnerships along the way. This enables our 600+ team to deliver technology solutions that solve your business problems and exceed your expectations. So whether you need an Artificial Intelligence or IoT project, a Business Intelligence or Big Data solution, custom Microsoft SharePoint development, or have a new software product to get to market on time, our solutions drive digital transformation and help our customers achieve transformational growth. Delivering offshore outsourcing solutions to enterprises worldwide, ITCube’s talented team specialize in Custom Application Development, Intranet and Internet based Portals, Knowledge Management Applications, Dashboards, Reporting and Analytics, QA & Testing, Project Management and UI / UX designs."
Margadarsi Chit ...,4.0,(127 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 19 more,61 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Over five decades ago, Margadarsi Chit Fund showed the people of Andhra Pradesh the way for a happier life. Guided by the vision and determination of Sri Ramoji Rao, Margadarsi made its humble beginning in October, 1962, in a small office with just two people working. To him can be credited pioneering the concept of chit funds in the state as never done before. Now it has become a household name in Andhra Pradesh,Telangana,Tamilnadu & Karnataka.

Far from being a popular form of planning that it is today, chit funds was a little known concept when Margadarsi unfolded it in 1962. But with the passage of time and experience, chit funds became popular as people discovered in it an ideal way to save profitably and raise money at short notice to meet the contingencies. Many companies followed suit and chit fund companies sprung up like mushrooms. In this vast changing scenario, Margadarsi’s unchanging values like honesty of performance, professional integrity, high quality of service and absolute financial discipline helped in retaining its leadership position.   

Margadarsi enjoyed exponential growth over the years and today employs 4,300 employees, and has 16,015 agents, 105 Branches, over 3,11,146 subscribers and a turnover of over Rs.11,206 crores. Margadarsi is not only No.1 Chit Fund Company, but also a household name in Andhra Pradesh."
Virbac Animal He...,4.3,(127 Reviews),Private,Fort Worth + 37 more,55 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"In the 1960s, the various preparations manufactured by human pharmaceutical laboratories at that time did not make it possible to treat all the animal diseases. In 1968, while these major groups were looking to invest in animal health, Pierre-Richard Dick, a veterinary doctor in Nice, drew upon his training at the Pasteur Institute to devise and develop new medications. He founded Virbac with the intention of providing veterinarians, farmers and pet owners with a range of innovative solutions to fight animal diseases.

Present today through health products in more than 100 countries, Virbac has maintained its independence and its DNA. Linking the needs of health care providers to the latest technological advances, Virbac’s innovation offers a practical range of products and services to diagnose, prevent and treat the majority of pathologies, while improving the animals’ quality of life. Thanks to this offer supported by an industrial tool meeting the highest international quality standards, Virbac has been forging personalized relationships with veterinarians, farmers and pet owners in each country for fifty years. Through these privileged partnerships, in which social, health and environmental issues come together, Virbac contributes day after day to shape the future of animal health."
Jitm Skills,3.5,(127 Reviews),Private,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 28 more",10 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"JITM Skills Private Limited is a pioneer in the field of Skill Training and has been successfully running the skill development programs on PAN India Basis Since 2013. We are NSDC Training Partner and having Pan India Presence with Expertise of providing free courses and Placement linked Skill Training in the Field of Apparel, Organized Retail, Electronics, Healthcare, Food Processing, Agriculture etc.We have successfully conducted various projects of Skill Training including DDUGKY, DDUKK, PMKVY, PMKK, ESD&P NIESBUD, NULM Jharkhand, NULM Gujarat, NULM Haryana, MAEF, etc. JITM SKILLS Pvt. Ltd. has tie ups with various organizations for providing on free courses job training & Placement assistance to Trained Candidates.JITM has developed India’s largest Mega Skill Centre in difficult and remote areas like, Jharkhand, J&K, Uttarakhand & North-East States. Today we are one of India’s forefront skill training organization. Students and society at large can perceive measurable and notable changes by our trainings. JITM Skills helps students for employment and self-employment."
Rittal,4.1,(127 Reviews),Private,Herborn + 11 more,28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Rittal India is the subsidiary of Rittal GmbH & Co. KG. Rittal, headquartered in Herborn, Hesse, Germany, is a leading global provider of solutions for industrial enclosures, power distribution, climate control and IT infrastructure, as well as software and services. Systems made by Rittal are deployed across a variety of industrial and IT applications, including vertical sectors such as the transport industry, power generation, mechanical and plant engineering, IT and telecommunications. Rittal is active worldwide with 10,000 employees and 58 subsidiaries. Its broad product range includes infrastructure solutions for modular and energy-efficient data centres with innovative concepts for the security of physical data and systems. Leading software providers Eplan and Cideon complement the value chain, providing interdisciplinary engineering solutions, while Rittal Automation Systems offers automation systems for switchgear construction."
Daebu Automotive...,3.8,(127 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 3 more",17 years old,201-500 Employees (Global),"Daebu Automotive Seat India Private Limited's Annual General Meeting (AGM) was last held on 30 September 2019 and as per records from Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), its balance sheet was last filed on 31 March 2019."
Jaiprakash Power...,4.0,(127 Reviews),Public,Noida + 9 more,29 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"We are an Indian power company, incorporated on Dec 21, 1994, that is part of India’s leading Infrastructure conglomerate - Jaypee Group. We plan, develop, implement and operate power projects in India. We currently operate the largest hydroelectric power plant in the private sector in India. We own and operate various projects at different locations , such as Hydroelectric project, at District Chamoli, thermal Power Project in Madhya Pradesh , supercritical thermal power plants in Uttar pradesh ."
S G Encon,3.9,(127 Reviews),Private,Panchkula + 26 more,15 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A
Noida Power Comp...,4.2,(127 Reviews),Private,Greater Noida + 4 more,30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Noida Power Company Limited distributes power in Greater Noida, near Delhi in Uttar Pradesh, which is being developed as an industrial hub and urban settlements. The Company reaches out to a population of about 7 lac spread across hamlets, villages and a new township spanning an area of 335 sq. km.

The Company is a joint venture between the RP-Sanjiv Goenka Group, a leading business house in India and Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority, an autonomous body of U.P. Government responsible for town planning and infrastructure development. The venture marks the strategic entry of the Group into privatized distribution of electricity in North India.

The Company started its operations in December 1993 pursuant to grant of license by the U.P. Government."
Xpo Logistics,3.6,(127 Reviews),Public,"Greenwich,Connecticut + 16 more",12 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"XPO provides pivotal supply chain solutions to the most successful companies in the world. We’re constantly looking for talented individuals at all levels to join our 100,000-strong workforce and deliver the caliber of service our customers require. If you’re ready to move the world forward, we’d like to invest in you. (NYSE: XPO)"
Privi Organics,4.1,(127 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 7 more",41 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Privi Organics is one of India's leading bulk manufacturer, supplier and exporter of aroma chemicals. Privi has state-of- the-art integrated manufacturing facilities both at Mahad in Maharashtra and at Jhagadia in Gujarat with knowledge, expertise and capacity to perform critical reactions like; Hydrogenation, Condensation, Grignard reactions, as well as unit operations like Pyrolysis, Reactive Distillation, High Vacuum Distillation, Continuous Distillation to deliver consistency in odor and prescribed key parameters in an industry driven by stringent olfaction standards. With an installed capacity of more than 31,000 TPA of aroma chemicals, Privi enjoys a dominant position and economies of scale in its product categories as a preferd supplier of aroma chemicals."
Franklin Templet...,4.3,(127 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 5 more",28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Franklin Templeton's association with India dates back to over 2 decades as an investor. As part of the group's major thrust on investing in markets around the world, the India office was set up in 1996 as Templeton Asset Management India Pvt. Limited. It flagged off the mutual fund business with the launch of Templeton India Growth Fund in September 1996, and since then the business has grown at a steady pace."
Dev Information ...,3.7,(127 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 24 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Dev Information Technology Ltd. (NSE: DEVIT) works together with its clients across the globe to empower their business with the right mix of information technology, innovation and digital transformation. Right from advisory to execution backed by expert applications and infrastructure management; we optimize your IT into a strategic asset."
Normet,4.2,(127 Reviews),Private,"Espoo,Southern Finland + 13 more",61 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Leading transformation into digitalised and sustainable underground mining and tunnelling.

Normet is a fast growing and innovative technology company. We help our customers to build the safest places underground – highlighted in our vision:

We help our mining and tunnelling partners to continuously improve their processes, increase the safety and productivity of their underground activities, and improve the sustainability of their operations."
Galgotias Univer...,3.0,(127 Reviews),Private,"Greater Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 6 more",12 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Galgotias University is devoted to excellence in teaching, research and innovation, and to develop leaders who'll make a difference to the world. The University, which is based in Greater Noida, has an enrollment of over 15,000 students across more than 100 Undergraduate and Post Graduate programs.The 'students-first' philosophy is a big reason why Galgotias University is consistently ranked among India's top universities. The focus of Galgotias University is on low student-to-faculty ratio that promotes plenty of personal attention and mentoring opportunities.The record breaking placement at Galgotias this year is an apt testimony to its focus on upholding the highest academic standards right from selecting top faculty, introducing world-class pedagogical practices to personality development of the students."
GUILTFREE INDUST...,3.9,(127 Reviews),Public,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 34 more",7 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Year 2016 – This was when the RP-Sanjiv Goenka group envisioned a foray into the FMCG Business. RP-SG FMCG’s strategic intent is to innovate disruptively and create brands and products, that are genuine and desirable to the consumers. We started by exploring the packaged snacks segment. Based on extensive consumer research and insights generated thereof, we realised that a majority of them indulged in Fried & Unhealthy snacks, and were feeling guilty about their indulgence. This was the need gap we saw an immense potential in – both in terms of business and in terms of making genuine product offerings."
Apollo Diagnosti...,4.1,(127 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 32 more,8 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"High quality diagnostics are an imperative for better treatment and patient care. Apollo Hospitals Group, India’s leading healthcare system, has thus far been delivering 3.5 million high-quality diagnostic tests every year, through its Hospitals and Clinics earning an ‘excellent’ rating from 95% of its patients.

Apollo Diagnostics is the result of the ‘good health for all’ mission that is spurring the Apollo Hospitals Group to touch a billion lives. Following the corporate credo of bringing quality, affordable healthcare closer to the consumer, 2015 saw 100+ Apollo Diagnostics centres, in 2016 it has been grown to 150+ centres and 2017 landed with 250 + collection centres , 70+ Labs springing up in neighbourhoods across India, delivering expertise that is empowering to doctors and patients alike.

Apollo Diagnostics’ expert technicians and state-of-the-art diagnostic equipment are constantly guided by Apollo’s 36-years legacy of excellence to ensure the accuracy and timeliness of test results.

Apollo Diagnostics has already earned for itself the reputation of being the most preferred, one-stop destination for all common to complex pathology tests. Initiatives such as ongoing skill development & enhancement programs for the teams, regular auditing of processes and implementing patient feedback, enable a seamless experience for all stakeholders of Apollo Diagnostics."
India Yamaha Mot...,3.8,(127 Reviews),Chennai + 13 more,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Galpha Laborator...,3.8,(127 Reviews),Mumbai + 18 more,37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Galpha Laboratories was established by Shri N.K. Singh in the year 1986.

Galpha Laboratories is engaged in the manufacturing and marketing of Formulation (Finished Dosage Forms) in India. 

Galpha has a strong international presence in the Regulated and Emerging markets. The Company is striving to place itself on a strong promising path by expanding its business strategically, strengthening its manufacturing facilities and enhancing capabilities across the organization. The Company is looking at various opportunities in untapped markets and association with business partners in the global markets to boost its revenues."
Manpasand Bevera...,3.5,(127 Reviews),Private,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujarat + 27 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Manpasand Beverages represents the successful story of a first generation visionary entrepreneur, Shri. Dhirendra Singh, who has built one of India’s fastest growing fruit juices company that has got the unique distinction of being the first pure play Company in the beverage sector in the Indian capital market. Under his able leadership, Manpasand is scaling new heights and has successfully carved a niche for itself in the ever-growing beverage market in India, by focusing on segments which have been hitherto ignored by big players.In its journey to capture the imagination of its market and consumers, Manpasand has certainly covered the road less travelled. Manpasand has emerged as one of the major players in the juice industry and is slowly advancing out of the regional player bracket. In the fast and ever-growing fruit-based beverages market in India, Manpasand Beverages today stands out as a proud Indian company giving firm competition to National and Multinational beverage players alike. A customer-centric approach, value-for-money offerings, strong focus on affordable price points, innovation and research, brand building, production capacity expansions and strong distribution strategies continue to remain as the Company’s major strengths. The company has co-created value for its various stakeholders. This was not `luck by chance.’ The company has consciously built this in its culture to `Deliver Value’ and in the process `Created Value’ as well as strong equity in its chosen segments."
JMR Infotech,4.1,(127 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 6 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"With delivery and development centers in India, a sizable global presence and customers spread across 5 continents, JMR Infotech is a leading provider of information technology and related services. We are committed to helping the world’s best companies to build, run and grow their information technology landscape.Founded in 2007, JMR Infotech is dedicated to help customers harness the power of information technology to transform the way they work and maintain a strong competitive edge.At JMR, we are driven by a strong passion to help our customers build stronger, agile and more innovative businesses. We strive for client satisfaction and innovation with a global, collaborative workforce backed by strategic insight, technology expertise, deep domain knowledge and flawless business processes."
Savex Technologi...,4.4,(127 Reviews),Mumbai + 33 more,37 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Savex Technologies Pvt Ltd is the 3rd largest information and communication Technology Distributor in India.Headquartered In Mumbai Savex has 86 sales office and 42 stocking locations across the country,catering to 7000 customers every month in 650 plus cities.

Our role as distributor of ICT Products and solutions is to imbibe the knowledge of our partners and act as a consultant to our customers to bring solutions to the market.

Savex works in the best of breed vendors to deliver innovative solutions for its customers .We are always looking to add products and solutions that will add value to our customers and help them grow business ."
KNR Construction...,4.0,(127 Reviews),Public,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana + 25 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"To develop KNRCL as a centre of excellence in the field of Infrastructure Services by striving continuously to provide ecofriendly solutions, adopting state-of the- art practices and commitment to quality through motivated human resources.KNR constructions Limited ( from know written as ""KNRCL"" ) is an ISO 9001:2000 Certified company and listed in Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (BSE) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE). KNRCL is a multidomain infrastructure project development company providing (EPC) engineering, procurement and construction services across various fast growing sectors namely roads & highways, irrigation and urban water infrastructure management. Our project execution strength primarily is in road transportation engineering projects namely construction and maintenance of roads, highways, flyovers and bridges wherever integral to the projects undertaken."
Atmecs Technolog...,3.6,(127 Reviews),Private,"Santa Clara,California + 3 more",10 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"ATMECS is a “Trusted Partner” to organizations looking to shape their future with innovation and Next Gen technologies. Passionate Minds, is who we are. A smart, nimble team with complementary capabilities – Leaders who Aspire and reach out to the future, Thinkers who question the status quo, team with abilities to Manage projects effectively, Engaging and focusing on client, Creating value through innovation and ultimately helping clients Succeed. We are ATMECS. ATMECS is a result oriented full service engineering and R&D organization. We are Technology Accelerators bringing in visible transformation for our clients through automation, adoption of leading edge integrated development platforms, CI/CD, Dev Ops, Cloud, and Big Data . Several Fortune 500 customers and exciting next gen startup companies engage us to partner with them to solve critical business challenges.As Innovation Catalysts we help clients lead change through AI/ML, AR/VR, IOT, Conversational BOTs & Blockchain."
HDFC Credila Fin...,4.4,(127 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 21 more",17 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"HDFC Credila is India's First Dedicated Education Loan Company. Our customized solutions & unique offering has made us the trusted and preferred brand of thousands of students, studying 1500+different courses in over 2500+ unique Institutes, across 38+ countries!
 
Be it a dream to study in India or Abroad, our unique services are tailored as per the student’s needs, with flexible repayments on loan. Your dream is our goal and with our in-depth understanding of the education sector, we strive to transform your ‘I CAN’ into ‘I WILL’."
Ensono,4.1,(127 Reviews),Private,"Downers Grove,Illinois + 5 more",54 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"We are a hybrid IT services provider that sees a world in transformation and because we’re enabling the IT infrastructure and software for that transformation, we understand the world of business has become more complex, layered and interdependent. Our clients are some of the most innovative and forward-thinking companies in the world and we've helped keep their world open, on, spinning and connected."
OLX Autos,3.8,(127 Reviews),Gurgaon/Gurugram + 18 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
LKQ INDIA,4.1,(127 Reviews),Private,"Chicago,Illinois + 1 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"LKQ Corporation was initially formed in 1998 through the combination of a number of wholesale recycled products businesses located in Florida, Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin. 

We subsequently expanded through internal development and approximately 270 acquisitions of aftermarket, recycled, refurbished, and remanufactured product suppliers and manufacturers; self-service retail businesses; and specialty vehicle aftermarket equipment and accessories suppliers.

In 2011 LKQ enters the United Kingdom with the acquisition of Euro Car Parts, the largest aftermarket hard parts distributor in the UK. Euro Car Parts had close to 90 branches throughout England and had an established national distribution center, which allowed them to re-stock on a daily basis, providing a huge competitive advantage."
Vcare Call Cente...,2.7,(127 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 5 more",19 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Vcare Call Center is one amongst the leading call center outsourcing providers. With headquarter in the USA and operational centers in India, our work standards are global and we are well-attuned to the latest innovations of the call center industry. Apart from all this, our organization thrives with the support of seasoned professionals in the field of customer service. We are catering to call center outsourcing needs of businesses in industries like telecommunication, retail, automotive, travel & tourism, energy & utilities, and insurance & healthcare. At Vcare Call Center, we strongly believe that great customer service is the harbinger of good luck for businesses and we strive to provide our clients the same.'"
Claritus Managem...,4.9,(126 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 3 more",15 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"We at Claritus understand the art of getting things done exceptionally well. Be it Web Development Services or Mobile Application Development, our mantra of ""Clarity | Innovation | Technology""​ always helps us understand the pain points of a business. Claritus, a privately held company having its development center in Noida, India, has been serving clients globally from small-sized companies to Fortune 500. Over the years, Claritus has earned a reputation of a reliable technology partner who is not only passionate about the new age technologies but also understands the business challenges. In many cases, our clients often seek our experience to help evolve their business ideas and vision. The passion and zeal that we are able to exuberate help us to achieve a large portion as repeat business. We strongly believe that our strength is in our highly talented employees and we always encourage a healthy environment for work. Call us today at +1-813-699-3828 if you have any queries regarding our services or to book a free consultation."
Super Auto India,3.2,(126 Reviews),Private,"Faridabad,Haryana + 3 more",55 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Super Auto was incorporated in 1968 has come a long way to being conglomerate of turnover Rupees 50 crores. We have three units in India two located in Faridabad and one in Pune. In today's fast-paced & highly competitive business environment, Super Auto lay's stress on:In-place infrastructureWorld class skills with length & breadth of expertiseBest in class processes, quality & delivery systemsMature service offeringsUnwavering Commitment to customer satisfaction"
Bioseed,4.3,(126 Reviews),Private,Hyderabad + 31 more,31 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Agriculture and DCM Shriram Limited are often spoken of in the same breath.

When DCM Shriram Limited took over the management of Bioseed in 2002, the move was seen as yet another initiative by DCM Shriram Limited to create value in the farmlands of India and beyond. Huge investments in people, research labs and seed processing infrastructure followed the takeover.

Today, Bioseed owns a vast pool of germplasm, among the richest in the world. The gene pool has sprouted one of the highest success rates in all of Asia. When expansion plans took root, Bioseed strengthened its operations in Vietnam and The Philippines and extended its coverage to Indonesia, Thailand, Bangladesh, Laos, Cambodia, Nepal and China.

The company's pan-Asian spread allows cross-fertilization of ideas. The yield: Unique biotechnology-based solutions for the benefit of countries with similar climatic and soil conditions. The mission: Empowering farmers with high-yielding solutions of the future, from the right hybrids to better cultivation techniques.

Bioseed is one of a handful of biotechnology companies with expertise across the board: Research and development, field and lab testing, data review, production, farm management and farmer interaction."
Diamond Beverage...,3.6,(126 Reviews),Private,Kolkata + 2 more,28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Coca-Cola India, is one of the country’s leading beverage companies, offering a range of healthy,afe, high quality, refreshing beverage options to consumers. Over the last 23 years, ever since its re-entry in 1993, the company has gone on to establish an unmatched portfolio of beverages;with its leading beverage brands like Coca-Cola, Coca-Cola Zero, Diet Coke, Thums Up,afe, high quality, refreshing beverage options to consumers.entry in 1993, the company has gone on to establish an unmatched portfolio of beverages.with its leading beverage brands like Coca-Cola, Coca-Cola Zero, Diet Coke, Thums Up.

The Coca-Cola Company is the world's largest beverage than 500 sparkling and still brands and more than 3,800 beverage choices. Led by Coca-Cola, one of the world's most valuable and recognizable brands, our company’s portfolio features 20 billion-dollar brands.options. Our billion-dollar brands include Diet Coke, Coca-Cola Zero, Fanta,Del Valle, Georgia and Gold Peak.otprint, create a safe, inclusive work environment for our associates, and enhance the economic development of the communities where we operate. Together with our bottling partners.employers with more than 700,000 system associates."
Leayan Global,4.2,(126 Reviews),Private,"Kanpur,Uttar Pradesh + 27 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"LGPL incorporated its business under parent company RSPL Limited. RSPL Limited established in year 1988, currently owns some of India’s leading FMCG brands like ‘GHARI’ detergent, having a total sales turnover of 750 Million US$. Apart from FMCG products, RSPL also has major presence in Footwear, Wind Energy, Real Estate & Dairy products business.In the year 1995, company started its leather & footwear business and launched its leather footwear brand – ‘RED CHIEF’ for Indian market. Currently daily production of RED CHIEF is more than 6,000 pairs of Leather Footwear.With continuous success in market, company started exporting leather footwear globally and to mark presence in international market, at present company has 3 export footwear manufacturing units collectively having total production capacity to produce approx 4,000 pairs per day.To support its large footwear manufacturing business, LGPL has its own Tannery capable of tanning a huge variety of high quality Cow, Buffalo, Goat Leathers."
Siegwerk,4.1,(126 Reviews),Private,"Siegburg,NRW + 13 more",193 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Siegwerk offers Ink, Heart & Soul to its customers Ink, Heart & Soul – our company philosophy incorporates what our customers experience every day. We know our business and produce inks and individual solutions in close cooperation with our business partners. We are steeped in tradition, yet practice-oriented and with state-of-the-art technology. With more than 180 years of experience, Siegwerk commands a profound product knowledge and expertise for many printing methods. Our actions are market-driven – or even drive the market, which is proven by our many patents. With currently 5,000 staff in more than 30 country organizations we are able to supply and support every customer anywhere in the world."
Rajesh Motors,3.7,(126 Reviews),Private,Jaipur + 18 more,43 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Rajesh Motors Group with over 6 Decades of excellence in Automobile Industry has diversified in Automobile, Earthmoving, Mining and Hospitality industry. Rajesh motors has speeded their wings all over Rajasthan. We are offering a range of commercial & non commercial vehicles with genuine parts through retail & distribution. With a team of over 2000 committed family members we have become a synonym for trust and reliability. Rajesh Motors constantly deliver the best experience to its customers. Over the years, we have persistently evolved to become one of India’s leading motor dealer. Our spirit to challenge convention and think alternatively has pioneered several brand business successes.

The group represents industry leaders as Ashok Leyland (Commercial Vehicles), JCB (Earthmoving Equipment), Volkswagen (Cars), Toyota (Cars) and Royal Enfield (Motorcycles) as their exclusive dealers across Rajasthan and Maharashtra."
Sears IT & Manag...,4.0,(126 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 1 more",14 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sears IT and Management Services (India) Pvt. Limited, also known as Sears Holdings India (SHI) provides corporate IT services to Sears Holdings Corporation (SHI, NASDAQ:SHLD) and its family of companies including Sears Roebuck and Co. and Kmart Corporation.

Established in December 2009, SHI works as an extended arm to the core Information Technology (IT) team of SHC. SHI develops and maintains business critical systems used by SHC and its subsidiaries. Our objective is to assist SHC in making the Sears retail experience simpler and smoother so that members can shop anytime, anywhere."
Population Servi...,4.2,(126 Reviews),Private,Washington D.C + 32 more,53 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Population Services International (PSI) is a global nonprofit organization focused on the encouragement of healthy behavior and affordability of health products.  PSI was founded in 1970 to improve reproductive health using commercial marketing strategies and has expanded to work in over 50 countries in the areas of malaria, family planning, HIV, diarrhea, pneumonia and sanitation. PSI is headquartered in Washington, DC.A hallmark of PSI is a commitment to the principle that health services and products are most effective when they are accompanied by robust communications and distribution efforts that help ensure wide acceptance and proper use.PSI works in partnership with local governments, ministries of health and local organizations to create health solutions that are built to last."
PurpleTalk,4.3,(126 Reviews),Private,"Dallas,Texas + 3 more",15 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"PurpleTalk specializes in delivering top-notch mobile gaming experiences for a global audience and has deep expertise in animation, game art, and design, as well as game development and QA. Our deep expertise in mobile-based entertainment services has allowed us to work with globally recognized IPs and studios, delivering a number of unique mobile gaming experiences.

In addition, PurpleTalk also works with enterprises to provide IT services, specifically in areas of digital technology innovation. We bring a unique perspective to this work, with our focus on Customer Experience and on building successful digital products efficiently."
Shiva Pharmachem,4.0,(126 Reviews),Public,"Vadodara/Baroda,Gujarat + 4 more",22 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Shiva Pharmachem, based near Vadodara, Gujarat (India), is a leading manufacturer and global supplier of Acid / Alkyl Chlorides and Other Speciality Intermediates. We focus on manufacturing multi-functional Intermediates that cater to the needs of industries such as Agrochemicals, Pharmaceutical, Polymers, Fragrance and Cosmetics. Our expertise in Chlorination chemistry is a result of our rich experience of manufacturing intermediates of best quality and aiming for highest customer satisfaction. Today we boast of providing high quality multi-functional Acid Chlorides to more than 40 countries of the world."
Evoke Technologi...,4.0,(126 Reviews),Private,"Dayton,Ohio + 1 more",20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Evoke Technologies is a global information technology services company offering innovative software development, IT outsourcing and IT consulting services. Incorporated in the year 2003 and headquartered in Dayton, Ohio, Evoke is actively helping global corporations to transform and address critical business issues by applying innovative information technology solutions. With unparalleled experience and comprehensive capabilities across verticals and business functions, we enable businesses to reduce time-to-market and drive transformational growth.“Evoke has over 16 years of rich industry experience and 700+ highly skilled technology consultants with an average experience of 6 years, adding great business value to our clients. We’re an SEI-CMMI Level 3 appraised, ISO 27001 and 9001 compliant IT enterprise, focusing extensively on delivering high-quality business solutions.”Our global delivery and mature engagement models are designed to improve efficiency, governance and bring predictability. We constantly innovate and implement new methodologies, frameworks and best practices giving our clients the winning edge."
BPO+,3.9,(126 Reviews),Private,Doha + 35 more,18 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"We are BPO Plus, the largest Outsourcing platform in the Middle East. BPO+ is uniquely focused on delivering experience to global brands through technology, analytics and back office resulting in improved consumer experiences. Over the last 13 years, BPO+ has increased its portfolio of solutions to target the wide range of business and customer interactions through outsourcing.

BPO+ manages close to 20 million customer interactions with the help of its back office solutions every year for clients across verticals such as BFSI, Sports, Telecom, Education, Healthcare, Travel and Hospitality, Consumer Goods, Retail, and Technology. We have fostered successful relationships with our clients with a proven track record in delivering business value. As a trusted partner with wide-ranging service capabilities, BPO+ helps clients transform and succeed in challenging circumstances.

BPO+ manages, enables, extends, and enhances business experiences for its clients and their customers across consulting, technology and outsourcing.

In recognition of its 13 years of leadership and expertise, BPO+ has won many accolades, including the “Best Contact Center Services Provider” and “Largest Outsourcing Partner”, by Insights, and “Gold Award in Services” by Pan Arab Awards and the latest one to the list is the award for the “Best Outsourcing Partnership” in the MENA region from ContactCenterWorld. The company also continues to be ranked among the top five providers of business services in various rankings across the globe with focused approach in GCC. Today, we believe that “We understand every customer is different”, “We believe every client’s vision is possible” and “We know our team will deliver”.

BPO+ has multiple Delivery centres with presence in three GCC Countries and have a work force of 1300+ from 35+ Nationalities and 15+ Languages. We have created more than 11000 jobs since the inception.

90% of our customers say that they will use BPO+ again, 85% of our projects every month are from repeat customers with an average tenure of association of 7 years and our Awards too speak!  We have won 60+ Industry awards since 2008"
ARCIS e Services,3.7,(126 Reviews),Private,Gurgaon + 6 more,36 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"ARCIS is a provider of outsourcing solutions to companies in the Indian market. We have been executing assignments as a third party outsourcing vendor for over two decades with multinational clients in India. ARCIS pioneered back-office processing services long before any of the buzzwords even came into existence. Starting with back office processing for auto loans as far back as 1987, we garnered experience in products like credit cards, mortgages, personal loans, insurance and a variety of other processes in the financial services and telecom sector. Over the last few years, we have founded technology driven revolutionary real time solutions to manage geographies for Pan-India companies. With a presence across 60 cities, ARCIS is serving the needs of principals in the Life & General Insurance space in an extremely efficient, cost-effective manner without duplicating manpower.

Today our Indian operations reflect this capability through handling volumes of Rs. 10 billion annually (peak of Rs. 1.2 billion in a single month) in mortgage processing and underwriting in the prime and sub-prime markets in India and the International operations process over 16 million healthcare claims and over $1 billion of financial disbursements in a year.

ARCIS collects/recovers a premium of over Rs. 1200 crore per annum across all buckets of Life Insurance portfolios for leading principals through an operation that spans the length and breadth of the country. We have achieved this feat in a short span of a year and half and service multiple product programs across Life & General Insurance through a shared field force using a unique in-house technology platform."
Alpha Design Tec...,4.0,(126 Reviews),Private,Bangalore + 9 more,20 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Alpha Design Technologies Pvt Ltd., has been established with a view to put into action ""MAKE IN INDIA"" policy of the Government of India. ALPHA specializes in R&D, manufacture, assembly, testing, qualification, integration & installation of Defence Electronics, Avionics & Space Satellites systems."
Paperchase Accou...,3.7,(126 Reviews),Private,New York + 1 more,34 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Paperchase was founded 30 years ago with a simple vision:
To help restaurants and hospitality brands around the world make more informed decisions based on the insightful analytics information provided by a team of experts in the industry.

Paperchase traces its roots to London, where it began as a restaurant industry bookkeeping company. In 2010, the company expanded to New York and began growing its clientele by word-of-mouth.

Over the years, Paperchase has evolved from the bookkeeping of its past to a robust all-in-one accounting and consulting firm for restaurants and hospitality brands.

Today, Paperchase is proud to have 200 clients with 500 locations in the United States alone. Beyond the U.S, Paperchase clients can be found across the globe and boast a total of 15 Michelin Star resultants."
Innoviti Technol...,3.3,(126 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore,Karnataka + 16 more",15 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Having started our business by servicing India’s marquee enterprise retail customers, we today power 76% of India’s enterprise offline purchases paid digitally, across the Food, Fashion, Electronics, and Healthcare categories.

Processing over $10B of commerce annually, we have been growing at a CAGR of 70%+ in the toughest of retail markets, servicing over 25,000 stores across 2000+ cities 24×7. Our technology has been certified under SOC3 for its claim on speed, reliability, and flexibility, the only Indian company to be certified. No wonder we have 26 patents applied for with 2 awarded.

We are now taking our learnings of the enterprise market to the large mid-market of India, where over $110B of commerce purchases happen digitally. Our very first product Innoviti genie has already captured 6% of the electronics retail market within 9 months of launch. Now we are launching products in jewelry and other categories."
Hughes Systique ...,4.1,(126 Reviews),Private,Rockville + 2 more,18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CMMi Level 5, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 27001:2013 and PCMM Level 5 certified Hughes Systique Corporation (HSC) is an award-winning software solutions and services company that has been instrumental in steering the digital transformation journey of its clients from the forefront. With its innovative solutions and solution accelerators in the areas of Networking, Media Streaming, Retail, Automotive, IoT, Blockchain and Security, HSC has helped its clients significantly reduce  Time-to-Market, optimize business processes and successfully adapt to the changing business landscape.
 
We understand that there has been a paradigm shift in the way business is being conducted.  And in this digital era where customer experience is paramount, we are helping enterprises make optimum use of digital solutions and services to increase their customer centricity."
Kanpur Fertilize...,4.0,(126 Reviews),Private,Kanpur + 12 more,13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Kanpur Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited, is engaged in Urea manufacturing at its Plant located at ""CEEKAY Estate"", Panki Industial Area, Kanpur. The Unit under Duncun Industries Ltd. Locked out since 2002 except for a short period, had lost all hipes of it revival. In 2010, It was the sheer determination and iron will of the top management lead by Hon. Executitve Chairman and commitment of team of professionals deployed for the job that unit could be made operation agaist various odds in a record time.A closed plant for so long and made operational & viable is a unique feat in industial history.

Today, we take the pride in successful revival and sustained operation of the Unit, which is making a difference to the life of Emplopees and to various people & agencies associated with it. This is increasingly helping in business environment of the local market and state as a whole. Urea is now readily available to the ever starving farmers in UP and Bihar."
CBSI,3.9,(126 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 9 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"CBSI is a technology enterprise that offers enterprise software services to medium and large organizations in three continents. Our service offerings focus on enterprise applications, mobile applications and cloud enablement. 

We work as your technology partner to transform your business and deliver measurable results.

Our next-gen partnership approach ensures that the time spent on contracting and governance is minimized, allowing us to focus on delivering technology solutions aligned to your business vision."
Shriram Properti...,3.7,(126 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 7 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Shriram Properties is a part of the 90,000 crore Financial Giant – Shriram Group and was established with a mission of creating splendid homes and amenable living spaces. Launched in 1995, we have operations throughout the country with extensive presence across South India. We have delivered over 8.36 million sq. ft. of built-up space, with 12.61 million sq. ft. to be delivered and 45.85 million sq. ft. under development."
GAO Tek,4.2,(126 Reviews),New York + 12 more,18 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"GAO Tek Inc. is a member of GAO Group of Companies, headquartered in New York City, USA & Toronto, Canada with strong global presences.

With 20 years of innovations together with its sister companies,  GAO Tek has grown into a North America-based global leading supplier of advanced fiber optic products such as OTDR, fusion splicers, and fault locators, telecommunication testers, electronic measurement instruments,  civil engineering, mechanical engineering, chemical engineering and other engineering products that satisfy the needs of global technical professionals. 

We serve customers from more than 50 countries. We are known for the high quality and the good value of our products. Our strong technical support team provides excellent support for all of our products."
OPERATIONAL ENER...,4.0,(125 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 29 more",16 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Operational Energy Group India Ltd is an Operation and Maintenance and power plant services provider, focusing on the independent power producer (IPP) and small/captive power producer (SPP/CPP) markets in Asia, OEG India Private Limited is currently providing O&M services for several power plants and employs highly experienced and qualified expatriates and local personnel. Being part of a group gives us the advantage of accessing the talents and experience available with our sister companies in addition to the rigorously trained, experienced and motivated professionals on our team who are dedicated to providing the highest quality in a timely and cost-effective manner. The key areas for our consultancy and contracting services are in : Operation and Maintenance Consultancy Electrical & Instrumentation Projects Machinery Overhauling/Refurbishment Shutdown Services Services Provided Power Plant Operations and maintenance Power Plant startup / commissioning services Power Plant Training Activities Provision of efficiency improvement for power plants Operations and maintenance services for ancillary facilities i.e. waste and water treatment Maintenance services for distribution systems, substations & switch gear Maintenance services for industrial facilities Preparation of operations and maintenance manuals Fuel conversions Spares supply"
Tudip Technologi...,2.9,(125 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra",13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Tudip Technologies is a value driven Software Services company. We deliver excellence in terms of dedicated and business-centric web solutions incorporated with innovation and expertise as the tools to achieve business goals. Our high quality, cost effective, reliable and scalable services have helped us in building an enduring relationship with our clients and customers. We differentiate ourselves from other competitors by being a strategic forward thinking consulting group, defining complete business solutions, processes, technology, metrics and revenue. We pride ourselves in defining practical solutions that deliver value for our clients. Tudip has got expertise in Web and Mobile Development, IoT, Cloud Infrastructure, DevOps and Translation Services. We transform organizations to win in the flat world. We offer flexible, customized and personalized outsourcing solutions and ensure the utmost confidentiality of sensitive business data and on-time and on-budget delivery. Our engagement models are flexible enough to meet the needs of both small and large business clients."
Sajjan India,3.8,(125 Reviews),Public,Mumbai + 7 more,118 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Sajjan is India’s leading contract manufacturer with expertise in large scale production of Active Ingredients (Agro), Electronic Chemicals, Specialty Chemicals and Intermediates having application in Agrochemicals, Pharmaceuticals and Dyestuff.

We are headquartered in Mumbai and our ISO-9001, ISO-14001, OHSAS-18001 certified manufacturing site and technical operations are located in Ankleshwar, Gujarat employing over 450 people.

As chemical companies around the world strive to enhance their strength and competitiveness, a key requirement for them is to have a truly synergetic partner who is global in skill sets, manufacturing practices and attitude and vision. Sajjan possesses all of this by having more than 40 years of strong business associations with large number of leading multinationals across the globe"
HMT Machine Tool...,3.9,(125 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 14 more",70 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"When HMT was founded in 1953, it dedicated itself to a clear objective: empowering the emergence of Indian Industry. With the virtue of being founded on a strong technical base, HMT donned the role of a one-of-its kind precision engineering company. HMT leveraged its technical know-how, acquired from world leaders in machine tools, to arm a wide spectrum of industries with vital manufacturing machinery and solutions. Strongly supported by excellent R&D prowess, a highly-skilled workforce and as many as nine exclusive machine tool units across the country, HMT contributed enormously to the precision engineering arena.

HMT Machine Tools’ expertise in machine tools has been honed to a point that it can design and develop any kind of machine. From simple lathes to multi-station transfer lines, from stand-along CNC machines to flexible manufacturing systems, leading to factory automation, HMT Machine Tools’ Products cover general purpose machines, special purpose machines and CNC machines to meet the application needs of every engineering industry. To date, over 100,000 machine tools on par with international standards in quality and performance, manufacture by HMT, are in use all over India. The Company also manufactures sheet fed offset printing machines in single, two, four, and five colours, programmable paper guillotines, ball screws, and CNC Control Systems.

HMT’s pioneering spirit and cutting-edge marketing abilities enable it to showcase its products and services to a worldwide clientele. The establishment of HMT (International) Limited leveraged the Company’s international trading experience. HMT(I) markets the products through a global network that extends over 40 countries to service its customers worldwide. HMT(I) has a diverse clientele with more than 18,000 machines in over 70 countries including the developed ones.

HMT Machine Tools, jointly with HMT(I) has been instrumental in executing various international turnkey projects in Algeria, Tanzania, Nigeria, Malaysia, Iraq, Mauritius, Indonesia, Kenya, Ethiopia, Iran, Maldieves, Senegal, Turkemenistan, Nepal, Zambia - to name just a few."
Hindustan Wellne...,3.0,(125 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 7 more",9 years old,11-50 Employees (India),"Hindustan Wellness is one of the most innovative Healthcare company in India. Driven by our vision of becoming National leaders in preventive health care, we at Hindustan Wellness aim to bring to your doorsteps a wide range of health services. Working on the unique model of health at home, we provide 360 degree healthcare and diagnostic services at customer's doorstep. We promise to ensure highest quality, precision and convenience to our customers. With the aim of providing total wellness solutions to our customers, we assign individual Health Managers to coach you for all your health & wellness needs,"
Sri Ramachandra ...,4.2,(125 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 4 more",38 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Sri Ramachandra Medical College and Research Institute (Sri Ramachandra University) had its inception in the year 1985 as a private not-for-profit self-financing institution and it was dedicated to serve the society as a centre of excellence with emphasis on medical education, research and health care. In view of its academic excellence, the Government of India granted the status of Deemed University to Sri Ramachandra Medical College and Research Institute in September 1994 under the provisions of the University Grants Commission Act, 1956. The Deemed University has been established by Sri Ramachandra Educational & Health Trust. The Trust established this Institute as a ""Centre of Excellence"" under the leadership of Late Shri N. P. V. Ramasamy Udayar who was the Founder and Managing Trustee of the Trust and also the first Chancellor of the Deemed University. Shri V. R. Venkatachalam is currently the Chancellor and also the Managing Trustee of the Trust."
KPR Mill,4.1,(125 Reviews),Public,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 8 more",39 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"KPR has one of the largest vertically integrated manufacturing capacities in India producing Superior Quality Readymade Knitted Apparel; Fabrics; Compact, Melange, Carded & Combed Yarn. The integrated manufacturing operations enable the Company to better customize the products as per Client specifications and provide consistent quality assurance in a cost-effective manner."
Unicorn Infosolu...,3.6,(125 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 13 more",21 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Established in 2002. Through the years we have established ourselves as India's leading provider of IT solutions and support services and rated as the Best Apple Premium Partners in the country Headquartered at New Delhi, our operations span across Mumbai, Pune, Ahmedabad , Gurgaon and Lucknow, along with Apple Premium Retail stores and Apple Authorised Service Centers in Mumbai,Pune, Ahmedabad ,New Delhi , Gurgaon and Lucknow carrying a wide range of products from some of the international giants of technology. We deal with the entire range of Apple products along with related services. Starting from the revolutionary iPods, iPads, iPhones to the stunning iMacs (Desktop Computer by Apple) to performance ridden Macbook Pro and the Mac Book Air and even the Mac Pro for those high-end professional requirements and related peripherals. We have a service-based approach. Our product specialists, project managers and technical consultants work together to design and implement creative workflow solutions. These include cross-platform integration, high speed/capacity storage and networking, archiving systems, proxy video servers, render farms, conferencing systems and much more. The commitment and dedication of Unicorn’s highly skilled staff has made the group the ‘One-Stop’ Apple sales and service solution in India."
Hawkins Cookers,4.0,(125 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 18 more",64 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Hawkins Cookers has been in business since 1959. Today it has two offices, three factories and around 1000 persons working. It has exported its products since 1974 to various countries in each of the 6 continents of the world. Hawkins has sold over 30 million pressure cookers worldwide. All Hawkins pressure cookers are listed by Underwriters Laboratories Inc, USA. The Hawkins company is well-known for not compromising on quality and for continual product innovation."
Agappe Diagnosti...,4.0,(125 Reviews),Private,"Ernakulam,Kerala + 20 more",25 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"25 years of dedication has made us what we are today, one of the forerunners in the Indian diagnostics industry. We at Agappe are a fast-growing in vitro diagnostics company working with over 300 distributors, and a significant OEM business in domestic and international markets.

World-class manufacturing facility near Cochin, Kerala will take us to the next step of evolution. Built on 200,000 square feet of land, our 80,000 sq.ft., GMP and FDA compliant certified plant is purpose-built for the global and domestic market needs. Agappe is focused on the research, design and production of clinical chemistry reagents.

Agappe in Greek means ‘Divine Love’. And it is with this devotion that we deliver all our products and services. Fully computerized systems, dedicated scientists, end user training, foolproof delivery systems, excellent technical support etc set us apart from the competition."
EagleBurgmann,3.8,(125 Reviews),Private,Wolfratshausen + 14 more,139 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"We are one of the leading providers of industrial sealing technology on the international stage. Our products and comprehensive services are used wherever the key requirements are reliability and safety.

Ex­cel­lent quality, close prox­im­ity to our cus­tomers, great capacity for in­no­va­tion and an ex­ten­sive product port­fo­lio for nearly all in­dus­trial processes and fields of ap­pli­ca­tion are what make us stand out.

Our port­fo­lio includes me­chan­i­cal seals and seal supply systems, magnetic cou­plings, carbon floating ring seals, ex­pan­sion joints and gaskets, packings, special products and ex­ten­sive services. Being part of the German Freuden­berg and Japanese EKK group gives us all the re­sources we need for a reliable part­ner­ship built on solid foun­da­tions. World­wide."
Fernandez Hospit...,4.3,(125 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad/Secunderabad,Telangana",75 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Fernandez Hospital started as a small maternity clinic in 1948, systematically progressing into a full-fledged women’s hospital. With a reputation built over six decades, Fernandez Hospital presently comprises Five strategic locations in Hyderabad – all focusing on efficient, reliable and personalized health care to women."
Louis Dreyfus Co...,4.1,(125 Reviews),Private,"Rotterdam,South Holland + 10 more",26 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Louis Dreyfus Company is a leading merchant and processor of agricultural goods. We leverage our global reach and extensive asset network to serve our customers around the world, delivering the right products to the right location, at the right time – safely, responsibly and reliably. Our activities span the entire value chain from farm to fork, across a broad range of business lines (platforms). Since 1851 our portfolio has grown to include Oilseeds, Grains, Rice, Freight, Finance, Coffee, Cotton, Sugar, and Juice. We help feed and clothe some 500 million people every year by originating, processing and transporting approximately 80 million tons of products. Structured as a matrix organization of 6 geographical regions and 9 platforms, Louis Dreyfus Company is active in over 100 countries and employs approximately 17,000 people globally."
Neyveli Lignite ...,4.5,(125 Reviews),Private,"Neyveli,Tamil Nadu + 4 more",67 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),"A NAVRATNA company under the Ministry of Coalsince 1956 - more than 60 years of its glorious existencePresent Mining Capacity : 30.6 MTPA ( Lignite )Present Power Generation Capacity (including JVs) : 3640MW (Lignite), 1000MW (Coal), 1352.56 MW (Solar), 51MW (Wind), Total : 6043.56 MWPlanned Capacity Addition"
WEG,3.6,(125 Reviews),Private,"Tamil Nadu,Karnataka + 5 more",62 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"Founded in 1961, WEG is a global electric-electronic equipment company, operating mainly in the capital goods sector with solutions in electric machines, automation and paints for several sectors, including infrastructure, steel, pulp and paper, oil and gas, mining, among many others."
HEUBACH Colour,4.0,(125 Reviews),Private,Vadodara + 9 more,29 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"The drivers to Heubach’s emergence as an internationally recognised manufacturer are technical innovation, the continuous pursuit of excellence and sustainable, profitable growth.

Alongside the desire to offer our customers the highest quality products and services, we see protecting the environment, human health, the responsible use of resources and our employees’ personal development as key to Heubach’s success.

By cooperating with universities, research institutes and our customers, we develop innovative pigment solutions that not only improve the efficiency of colors and materials but also do not pose a risk to human health or the environment.

As a responsible organization, we contribute towards a sustainable caring society and get involved in charitable and community activities close to our sites."
Kanpur PLastipac...,3.9,(125 Reviews),Public,"Kanpur,Uttar Pradesh + 1 more",52 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Kanpur Plastipack Limited (KPL) is a leading manufacturer and exporter of Flexible Intermediate Bulk Container (FIBC)/ Bulk Bag/Jumbo Bag, PP Multifilament Yarn, PP Woven Sacks and wide variety of Fabrics like Sulzer Fabric, Ventilated Fabric, Circular Fabric, etc. Located in Kanpur, India and with over 45 years of experience in Industrial Packaging, KPL has an excellent track record for providing high quality products and customer satisfaction."
VIKRAN Engineeri...,4.2,(125 Reviews),Private,Thane + 31 more,15 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"VIKRAN Engineering & Exim Pvt. Ltd. is the fastest growing Power EPC Company in India with a targeted turnover of 500 Cr. (FY 19-20). VIKRAN offers a wide range of integrated end to end services for Power Transmission, EHV Substation up-to 400kV Voltage level and Power Distribution from the 33/11kV Substation to the end consumer’s meter connection. VIKRAN’s integrated end-to-end services include Design, Supply, Civil Works, Construction, Testing and Commissioning of works.

VIKRAN Family is headed by Mr. Rakesh Markhedkar, Chairman & Managing Director, have almost 30 years of domestic as well as International experience into the same industries. He is well known due to his unique leadership skill. 

VIKRAN believes in it’s 4 principal Values which play a vital role as team. VIKRAN is strongly committed to Employee Satisfaction, Maintaining and Developing Customer Relationship, Timely Project Execution and Long-Term Sustainability. VIKRAN have vigorous and unified capabilities straddling the entire range of “Timely Execution”. VIKRAN’s supreme expertise

Customer-centric approach, defining the world class quality and Safety with Zero accident motive. Authenticity in our actions, respect for people, environment and all our stakeholders are the foundations of our corporate responsibility."
HCG Cancer Centr...,3.8,(125 Reviews),Public,"Ahmedabad,Gujarat + 15 more",17 years old,5k-10k Employees (India),"The centre is a “One Stop Solution for Comprehensive Cancer Care” as it provides quality cancer care. HCG Cancer Hospital has Surgical, Radiation & Medical Oncology all under one roof with a full range of Diagnostic, Pathology, Histopathology, Radiology and Nuclear Medicine department along with In-house Pharmacy. HCG Cancer Centre is one of the best cancer hospitals in Ahmedabad. HCG Cancer Centre, Ahmedabad is the first dedicated private Comprehensive Cancer hospital of Gujarat state, founded with an aim to consistently provide high quality and result oriented cancer care treatment by adopting global innovations and technologies. The facility proudly houses the latest technology in cancer treatment through Robotic Surgery System, Tomotherapy, HIPEC, CO2 laser machine, PET-CT with availability of DOTA and PSMA scan, MRI, etc. With its wide expanse & infrastructure, Ahmedabad’s HCG Cancer Hospital is designed to meet the growing cancer care needs of Gujarat & adjoining states of Rajasthan & Madhya Pradesh."
Common Service C...,4.2,(125 Reviews),New Delhi + 57 more,14 years old,1 Lakh+ Employees (India),N/A,"Common Service Centres (CSC) scheme is one of the mission mode projects under the Digital India Programme.

CSCs are the access points for delivery of essential public utility services, social welfare schemes, healthcare, financial, education and agriculture services, apart from host of B2C services to citizens in rural and remote areas of the country. It is a pan-India network catering to regional, geographic, linguistic and cultural diversity of the country, thus enabling the Government’s mandate of a socially, financially and digitally inclusive society."
Addverb Technolo...,3.9,(125 Reviews),Private,"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 9 more",7 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Addverb provides intra-logistics automation solutions based on industry 4.0 technologies. It aims to improve operations on a sustainable basis that provides clients a competitive advantage by strengthening their entire supply chain. Its expertise in the understanding of warehousing and production process clubbed with products provide logistics operations. It specializes in consulting, warehouse automation, robotics, system integration and software for warehouses and factories."
Indian School Fi...,4.6,(125 Reviews),Private,"Hyderabad,Telangana + 36 more",29 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"ISFC is a Non-Banking Finance Company engaged in the business of lending to educational institutions and entrepreneurs managing such institutions. The company started its operations in December 2008 from Hyderabad, and has expanded since to other cities and states of India. The company is widely recognized and appreciated in the education segment for its impact on schools and focus on improvement in quality of education."
Tirupati Medicar...,4.1,(125 Reviews),"Paonta Sahib,Himachal Pradesh + 10 more",18 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),N/A,"Tirupati Medicare Limited is a leading-edge science and technologically advanced formulation manufacturing facility that holds the potential for substantial enhancements to health and to the practice of healthcare. It is sustained by trained and highly experienced teams of professionals including production managers, dedicated quality units and logistical support; working constantly towards the multidimensional growth of the company Tirupati Group is one of the largest and fastest growing company, providing end-to-end solutions from research to product launch with multiple manufacturing facilities based out of Paonta Sahib, a serene town based on the foothills of Himachal Pradesh, India. The group was founded way back in 2005 and has already reached a significant size of Rs. 500 Cr (approx. 80 MN USD).The group is highly diversified, catering to a variety of broad segments like Pharmaceuticals, Nutraceuticals, Ayurveda and a very niche segment like Sports Nutrition."
Electropneumatic...,3.9,(125 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 1 more",51 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Electropneumatics is a family-owned and managed business built on a firm foundation of ethics and a strong sense of responsibility and commitment to all its stake holders and society at large. Our team of staff and operators work together as one Electropneumatics Family to produce products and services for our customers. A talented, competent team of designers, machining and assembly technologists, quality engineers, R&D personnel, and more bring out unique high-tech solutions. This is our strength- core indigenous competence in all engineering arenas and constant research and development."
KWALITY DAIRY (I...,4.4,(125 Reviews),Public,"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 13 more",31 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Kwality Ltd. (Kwality) was incorporated in 1992 as Kwality Dairy (India) Ltd. The company was set up as a backward integration unit of Kwality Ice Creams India Ltd and was acquired by Dhingra Family in 2002. Kwality is one of the fastest growing private sector dairy companies with a new range of innovative products and enjoys a large presence in Northern India.Processing FacilitiesKwality has various milk processing plants with a capacity to handle around 3 million litres of milk per day. Currently, Kwality has six manufacturing units located at Palwal (Haryana), Bulandsahar (UP), Saharanpur (UP), Jarar (UP), Sitapur (UP), and Ajmer (Rajasthan). Further, Kwality has an extensive network of milk chilling centres situated across Rajasthan, UP, Punjab, and Haryana for direct collection of milk from milk producers."
ICPA Health Prod...,3.9,(125 Reviews),Public,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 19 more",40 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"ICPA Health Products Ltd. is one of the leading Indian manufacturers in the oral healthcare segment. We have an international presence in over 35 countries. Some of the most trusted brands in prescription dental products, like Thermoseal and Hexidine, come under our umbrella. Our aim is to develop innovative healthcare products that improve the quality of life by preventing and curing diseases.Rohit Mehta, founder and managing director of ICPA, started the company in 1983 with the motto to develop and deliver world-class products for the healthcare market. In addition to dental products, we also specialize in herbal and cosmetic products. All our products are manufactured at our state-of-the-art development facilities and have been created after extensive research.Our commitment to innovation is backed by our modern “WHO GMP” certified manufacturing facilities at Gujarat which complies with the most stringent international manufacturing requirements, and the support of our strong Research and Development Centre.ICPA enjoys franchise of about 70% dental surgeons along with a significant number of ENTs and cancer specialists in the subcontinent.While we are based in Mumbai, India, we have established our presence across the globe. Our products are currently available and p"
CityMall,3.6,(125 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon,Haryana + 16 more",4 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"CityMall is a social e-commerce platform that sells lifestyle and curated products via peer-to-peer referrals on WhatsApp, has raised funding from a clutch of angel investors including Citrus Pay founder Jitendra Gupta and Xiaomi executive Alvin Tse."
Tata Digital,3.8,(125 Reviews),Mumbai + 4 more,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Videojet Technol...,3.8,(125 Reviews),Private,"Wood Dale,Illinois + 17 more",28 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Videojet is a global leader in the development and manufacture of high-quality product identification equipment for coding and marking – including Continuous Ink Jet printers (CIJ), Laser Marking Systems, Thermal Transfer Overprinters (TTO), Case Coding, Print and Apply Labeling (LPA), Thermal Inkjet Printers (TIJ), Commercial Graphics and Addressing, CLARiSUITE™, and Code Assurance."
MosChip Technolo...,4.6,(181 Reviews),Public,Hyderabad + 1 more,24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"MosChip Technologies Limited is a publicly-traded semiconductor and system design services company headquartered in Hyderabad, India, with 1000+ engineers located in silicon valley-USA, Hyderabad, and Bangalore. MosChip provides turn-key digital and mixed-signal ASICs, design services, SerDes IP, and embedded system design solutions. Over the past 2 decades, MosChip has developed and shipped millions of connectivity ICs."
Prakash Industri...,3.9,(124 Reviews),Public,New Delhi + 29 more,43 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Prakash Industries Limited (PIL) was established in 1980 with a focused vision to become an Integrated Steel & Power company. Delivering sustainable value to all its stakeholders, PIL is today known for its quality products at competitive prices. Over the years, the company has spread its wings all across the geographical borders of India. PIL is on a quest to capitalize upon first mover’s advantage in a challenging space with their technology intensive products. PIL has always introduced innovative ways to cut costs and maximize resource utilization.In this endeavor, the company has set up a state of the art technology integrated steel plant at Champa in the state of Chhattisgarh. This specially designed plant makes use of sponge iron kilns running on SL/RN technology from Lurgi, Germany, the only renowned technology in coal-based Sponge Iron manufacturing across the world. The Sponge Iron manufactured in the Kilns is used inhouse in the Steel Melting Shop of the company, and then results in the production of high quality Billets and Blooms. These are used to manufacture high value added finished steel products by PIL. Thus, a fully integrated approach is adopted in the company and hence the products are absolutely unmatchable in quality. The key to such a high quality of products is the promise to use the best possible raw material. Hence, the company has always emphasized on backward integration in order to ensure uninterrupted supply of quality raw materials."
Doordarshan,4.1,(124 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 26 more,64 years old,201-500 Employees (Global),"Doordarshan – literally, a glimpse of all afar – is the face of and a witness to India’s metamorphosis to a global leader in digital communications.

Interestingly, the illusory cyber paths that criss-cross homes and streets and represent the voice a billion-plus Indians today, actually began with a modest experiment in public service telecasting on September 15, 1959. The makeshift studio and its players beamed their voice and visuals through a small transmitter, daring to dream of becoming the prime vehicle of development of a nation that had shrugged off its yoke of slavery just over a decade earlier.

The experiment became a service in 1965, when Doordarshan began beaming signals to reach television sets in living rooms in and around the country’s capital, New Delhi. By 1972, services were extended to Mumbai and Amritsar and then on, to seven other cities by 1975. All this time, it was part of the national broadcaster, All India Radio. On April 1, 1976, it transited to become a separate Department in the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, though still serviced by All India Radio, especially for its news.

Over the years,doordarshan has grown into a network operating 34 satellite channels besides providing free-to-air DTH service having 104 in its bookings.
Indeed, that single studio from its small departmental home in All India Radio has grown into 66 studio centers all over the country, including 17 major studio centers at State capitals and 49 other studio centres located in various cities."
Inland World Log...,3.7,(124 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 31 more",41 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Inland World Logistics (formerly, Inland Road Transport) is the flagship company and core strength of Inland Group. Committed to conducting business with excellence by way of improved technology and services, IWL has been consistently delivering efficient, end-to-end logistics solutions to customers, while maintaining business ethics and practices. Today, Inland World Logistics has over 550 offices/outlets, a fleet of vehicles and a nationwide network. Keeping with the tradition of providing good quality and timely service, IWL is poised to be the finest logistics company in India and a globally respected industry leader."
Maharaja Agrasen...,3.8,(124 Reviews),"Delhi/NCR,Delhi + 9 more",32 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Maharaja Agrasen Hospital was established on 15.08.1991 under the auspices of Maharaja Agrasen Hospital Charitable Trust, Punjabi Bagh New Delhi. This Trust was founded in 1980 by some prominent handful of donors of the Society with the main objective to give free medical aid to every deserving human being irrespective of caste, creed and religion. It also aims to set up, manage and organize Hospitals, Dispensaries, Charitable Institutions and Medical Institutions and to provide training for Doctors, Nurses and Para-Medical staff for achieving objectives of the Trust. First project of this Trust in the name of “Maharaja Agrasen Hospital” Punjabi Bagh, New Delhi was commenced on 15th August 1991. Hospital was started with a humble beginning of 65 beds and within a short span of 26 years this hospital has reached to the stage of 400 bedded multi-super specialty catering to the population of not only Delhi but also from the adjoining states such as Haryana, Punjab, Rajasthan, U.P. and also remote areas like Assam, Orissa etc."
Sv Creditline,3.8,(124 Reviews),Public,Gurgaon + 36 more,13 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"SV Creditline Limited (SVCL) is one of India’s largest and most respected Non Banking Financial Companies. SVCL’s vision has been to uplift “entrepreneurial poor” through giving them easy access to credit which’s otherwise scarcely available.

The objective to promote these entrepreneurs is complemented with relevant financial tools enabling them to re-engineer and uplift their financial status in the long run.

Since its foundation, SVCL has diversified rapidly, opening up branches across Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh & Rajasthan and has further expanded to areas of Bihar, Haryana, Chattisgarh, Uttarakhand, Punjab and Jharkhand.

Our value proposition has always been customer centric with simplified and efficient processes, transparent pricing structures and diversified option plans. Our set-ups are conveniently located and easily accessible for customers, who are also reached out to, by our trained field staff. 

The leadership team is committed to building a technology intensive approach that could help in streamlining business operations and work effortlessly towards building innovative systems driven on customer feedback.

SVCL is registered as a Non Banking Finance Company (NBFC-MFI) under Reserve Bank of India under Section 451A and is promoted by Vans Pte. Ltd. and SV Corporation Pvt. Ltd"
Técnicas Reunida...,4.6,(124 Reviews),Private,"Madrid,Madrid + 13 more",51 years old,5k-10k Employees (Global),"TR is an international general contractor engaged in the engineering and construction of industrial facilities in the fields of: -Oil & Gas -Refining & Petrochemical -Power Generation -Infrastructures and industries Engaging in the engineering, design and construction of various types of industrial facilities for a broad spectrum of customers throughout the world, including many of the principal national oil companies and several multinational companies. Leader for engineering and construction in the oil and gas sector in Spain, one of the leaders in Europe in the design and construction of oil and gas facilities, and one of the world leaders in the refining sector. especialiced on large turnkey industrial projects, although we also provide engineering, management, start-up and operating services for industrial plants. You can also follow us on twitter: @TRSA_rrhh"
MM Forgings,3.8,(124 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 12 more",77 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"The Company was founded in 1946 and the Forging division was established in 1974.Founded on the Tradition and philosophy of steadfast commitment to achieving ""Total Customer Satisfaction"" through excellent quality, on time deliveries and competitive pricing, the Company has grown steadily in strength and stature to attain its present recognition of being one of the largest exporter of Forgings in India in its product range and has created a niche in the International Market.We have been the recipients of EEPC (Engineering Export Promotion Council) award for export excellence for 25 consecutive years.The company has continuously expanded by adding state of the art forging facilities and machining capabilities to cater to the requirements of its international customers."
Kalyan Toll Infr...,4.3,(124 Reviews),Private,"Indore,Madhya Pradesh + 18 more",21 years old,51-200 Employees (India),Kalyan Toll Infrastructure limitedis one of the leadingInfrastructurecompany of India having an experience of over 13 BOT highway projects out of which are already in operation and 3 are under construction covering about 240.00 Kms of 4 lane and 370.00 Kms of 2 lane road lengths.
Taj Gateway Hote...,4.5,(124 Reviews),Mumbai + 22 more,120 years old,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,"A chain of modern hotels at the choicest destinations, The Gateway cater to those who are urbane and live the promise of 24x7 in every thread of life, through most points in time. New-age experiences here can range from active food, in-room yoga to smart technology aids. The hotels offer carefully designed spaces to communicate and collaborate. Not to forget the taste of regional spirit alongside global experiences."
Gamma Process Hu...,3.4,(124 Reviews),Private,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 3 more",7 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Gamma is a leading Business Process Management company with a service offerings to multiple domains like, Banking, Financial Services, Insurance, Retail, Telecom, Media, Entertainment and E-Commerce. Gamma leverages the Domain expertise and proven technology to offer an integrated and comprehensive service portfolio. Gamma range of solution enables clients to move faster towards realizing their Business goals and achieve much more than the mandatory cost savings associated with Business Process Management. Our customers rely on us for data processing services, voice based services, application platform and data hosting services. Our comprehensive portfolio of services does not merely reduce costs, but enhances business value of the enterprise. We offer a comprehensive suite of solutions that helps your business plan deeper, transparent and better optimized customer connections and experiences- from strategy development through execution. Our solutions portfolio is designed to make your company and its brands relevant to your customer’s life. We focus on knowing what you want to achieve and then align the right tools and methodologies to help fulfill them. In essence, we are genuine not generic custodians of our client’s brand. To add to this, our services are proven and of global delivery standards. We have 14+ years of experience in providing BPM services across multiple domains and locations."
Baazar Style Ret...,4.2,(124 Reviews),Private,Howrah + 23 more,10 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"At Style Baazar, we understand the soul of Indian consumers, being one of India’s retail pioneers with multiple retail formats. We have 86 stores across seven states. We unite a diverse and zealous community of Indian buyers, sellers and businesses.

The combined impact on business is intense. Several customers walk into our stores everyday and choose products and services supplied by small, medium and large entrepreneurs and manufacturers across India. This number is eventually set to grow. Our supplies come from enterprises across the country, creating fresh employment, impacting livelihoods, empowering local communities and fostering mutual growth.

We completely value the ‘Indian Dream’ and have aligned our business practices to our larger objective of being a premier catalyst in India’s consumption-led growth story. Modern retail is intended to drive fresh demand and consumption in new categories. Our strategy is based on a similar understanding of the Indian consumers, the products they want, and making these products available in every store. Baazar Style Retail Private Limited provides innovative offerings at affordable prices that are tailored to the needs of every Indian household. Style Baazar caters to every need of your family and is not just another hypermarket in your neighborhood. Our USP remains the value for money propositions for the Indian customers"
Vihaan Networks,4.0,(124 Reviews),Private,"Gurgaon/Gurugram,Haryana + 13 more",19 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"VNL makes telecom & broadband equipment that helps mobile operators reach rural markets profitably. Our WorldGSM™ technology is the industry’s first microtelecom application, a complete GSM system optimized for the massive rural opportunity."
Muthoot Housing ...,4.1,(124 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 51 more",13 years old,501-1k Employees (India),"Muthoot Housing Finance Company Ltd. (MHFCL) is registered with the National Housing Bank. It fulfils housing finance requirements of customers in the middle and lower income category to make their dream of owning a home come true. The company offers Home Loan products, particularly for affordable housing."
Thirdware Soluti...,4.3,(124 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 1 more",28 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Thirdware Solution is a multinational Information Technology Services Company headquartered in Mumbai, India and Livonia, Michigan, USA. Thirdware is focused on solutions and services in the Enterprise Application Space in the Transaction, Analytics and Collaborative Solution Layers."
Duroflex,4.0,(124 Reviews),Bangalore + 25 more,60 years old,501-1k Employees (India),N/A,"In 1963, when our founder, the late Mr. P. C. Mathew first began manufacturing coir mattresses, it was a pioneering effort. In the 50 years that followed, much has changed. People, policies, economies, markets, ergonomic theories, customer preferences and many new technologies. But the spirit of new ventures has endured. The pioneering effort 50 years ago has endeavoured to create India's leading manufacturer of advanced sleep systems. We are now India's largest exporter of sleep and comfort products. What began as a small manufacturing plant along the quiet canal at Alleppey, Kerala, is today a leading enterprise with the most modern manufacturing processes in Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Telangana State and Maharashtra.

We expect more change in the years to come. But what will stay with us is the endeavour that began it all. A spirit that will challenge and motivate us to innovate and continuously create better sleep and comfort products."
ITC Group,3.8,(124 Reviews),Bengaluru/Bangalore + 32 more,10k-50k Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Godawari Power &...,4.4,(124 Reviews),Public,"Raipur,Chhattisgarh + 5 more",24 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Godawari Power & Ispat Ltd. (GPIL) a public Ltd. Co., formally Ispat Godawari Ltd (IGL), a pioneer constituent belonging to HIRA Group of Industries, Raipur, C.G. was incorporated in 1999 to set up an integrated steel plant with captive power generation under the guidance of visionary leadership of Mr. B. L. Agrawal, Managing Director, a techno commercial visionary having proven wide experience in commissioning & running of Cement Plant, Sponge Iron Plant etc., backed by a dedicated team of professionally qualified personnel under the stewardship of Board of Directors having expertise in Engineering finance administration GPIL is listed with the National Stock Exchange and Bombay Stock Exchange.GPIL is a flagship Company of Raipur-based Hira Group of Industries having dominant presence in the long product segment of the Steel industry, mainly into mild steel wire. Today, GPIL is an end-to-end manufacturer of mild steel wires. In the process, the company manufactures sponge iron, billets, Ferro alloys, captive power, wires rods (through subsidiary company), steel wires, Oxygen gas, fly ash brick and last but not the least iron ore pellets. GPIL is also awarded rights for Iron Ore Mining for captive consumption, as a result of which, the company has managed to traverse the entire value chain (raw material to final product) in steel wires and has now become a fully integrated steel manufacturer."
DelEx Cargo,4.3,(124 Reviews),Private,"Mumbai,Maharashtra + 29 more",14 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Delex Cargo India Private Limited, a full-service domestic logistics company specializes in Domestic Air Cargo Door-to-Door, Surface Parcel Delivery and 3PL warehousing services, besides offering a host of other value add services.

We at Delex, work with prospective customers closely, mapping existing processes, understand customer’s new requirements and then design a suitable solution that addresses the customer requirement. Starting in 2009, with Mumbai as country headquarters, Delex has primarily started as a “Domestic-Air-Cargo-Door-To-Door” expert, exclusively focusing on B2B needs of the industry. The start-up team of Delex is proud to share that the erstwhile newest “Door-To-Door Xpress product” the “Kingfisher Xpress” was launched by Delex into the Indian market and had successfully run it till July 2011.

Through our extensive experience in this filed, we were able to build certain tailor made “Domestic-Air & Surface -Cargo-Door-To-Door” solutions for major MNC and Indian companies such as Unilever India, Samsung India, DHL Supply Chain India, TATA Motors, Reliance Industries etc., to name a few."
American Express...,4.0,(124 Reviews),Private,"New York,New York + 11 more",7 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"American Express Global Business Travel (GBT) is the world’s leading business partner for managed travel. We help companies and their employees prosper by making sure travellers are present where and when it matters. We keep global business moving with the powerful backing of 17,000 travel professionals in more than 140 countries. Companies of all sizes, and in all places, rely on GBT to provide travel management services, organise meetings and events, and deliver business travel consulting."
Asianet Satellit...,4.2,(124 Reviews),Private,"Trivandrum/Thiruvananthapuram,Kerala + 19 more",30 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Asianet Satellite Communications Limited, a pioneer in the provision of Digital cable TV (with Satellite channels and Cablecast channels) &  Broadband Internet services, Started in 1993, has a legacy of over 25+ years as a Service Provider in Kerala, India. It is the First MSO (Multiple System Operator) in Kerala to get the coveted BECIL Certification and an ISP with Class A license , presently operating in Tamil Nadu , Karnataka , Andhra Pradesh , Telangana  apart from Kerala where it has direct operations ."
Sical Logistics,3.8,(124 Reviews),Public,"Chennai,Tamil Nadu + 16 more",68 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"At Sical every aspect of logistics namely port handling, road and rail transport, warehousing, shipping etc. are combined as an integrated logistics solutions and tailored to meet individual client needs. This is aided by investments in infrastructure, equipments and handling facilities to provide Cargo handling efficiency.Sical also offers custom made and cost effective solutions depending on specific needs enhancing flexibility, safety and reliability norms. Handling more than 25 million tons of bulk and over 0.5 million TEUS of container cargo annually. Sical is one of the few ‘Made in India’ organizations with a strong network having independent operations countrywide.The success mantra is based on creating right process, investing in right infrastructure, recruiting and nourishing capability of employees, constant training and business ethics. The domain leadership is derived from the singular aspect of total in-house infrastructure enabling cost optimization benefiting the patrons directly."
Patton Internati...,3.8,(124 Reviews),Private,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 2 more",33 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"PATTON Group is a government-recognized export house and an ISO 9001:2015 company that manufactures and exports premier Steel Stampings and EMT Fittings of international quality.A 100% debt-free company, we are also a leader in the field of plastic tanks, containers, and PVC pipes, with 5 sophisticated state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities at various locations in West Bengal, India, spread over 500,000 sq. ft. equipped with machinery mostly imported from USA, Germany and Taiwan."
Glocal Healthcar...,3.7,(124 Reviews),JV,"Kolkata,West Bengal + 13 more",13 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Glocal is a social venture that seeks to bring State of Art Healthcare to the rural population in India through an integrated model of block level comprehensive primary & secondary care hospitals, digital dispensaries and technology. Glocal stands for global quality, delivered at a local level."
SAVIC Technologi...,3.9,(124 Reviews),Private,"Navi Mumbai,Maharashtra + 10 more",7 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"SAVIC Technologies is a global IT & ERP Consulting Company, run by a team of technocrats, having in-depth industry & technology experience. Our vision is to manifest business challenges into practical solutions, mentor those solutions into practices and mature those practices into organisational culture. By 2019, we are able to digitally transform 190 large & mid sized organizations across various industry verticals & geographies. We provide specialised end to end transformational services in SAP ERP, HANA & Line of Business Solutions (LoB) , Data Analytics, Digital Process Automation, Cloud Product Services, Business Process Management (BPM), Consulting, Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Robotic Process Automation (RPA) , IT enabled Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Software as a Service (SaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS). We are SAP Platinum Partner, ISO 9001:2015, CMMI Maturity Level 5 organisation with awards like Digital Marketing Momentum partner from SAP APJ, Most Impactful Tech Leader, Best ERP Implementor, CRN Excellence Award and so on"
CSM Technologies,4.2,(124 Reviews),Private,"Bhubaneswar,Odisha + 7 more",25 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CSM Technologies provides transforming solutions and services in IT for Governments and large or small Industries. As a CMMI Level 5 company, CSM emphasizes more on Quality of delivery and Customer Satisfaction. 

With about 2 decades of delivering solutions and more than 500 employees, CSM has developed a comprehensive portfolio of products, solutions and smart consulting services. CSM has achieved quite a few unique distinctions of being first to many unexplored business opportunities."
Dorset Industrie...,3.9,(124 Reviews),Gurgaon + 21 more,28 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"In the world of architectural hardware solutions, Dorset is a name that everyone associates with security, trust, and elegance. As one of the leading global manufacturers of door-ware, locking mechanism and glass fixtures and fittings, the journey towards earning worldwide recognition is one that has taken constant dedication to innovation, adhering to quality, and a passion for excellence. 

Our journey began in 1995, when our founder, Rajesh Bansal envisioned a Pan-India venture that would provide home and office owners with high-quality security hardware solutions which would not only bring peace of mind but also a touch of class to their home & establishments. With this vision, the company launched its first lock in 1996 and has, over the next two decades, built up a diverse portfolio of offerings and an equally diverse clientele ranging from hospitality to healthcare, banking & finance and other sectors.

Today, Dorset is a consumer oriented company and a market leader. We have a strong presence in India with over 12000 touch points across the country. We operate a 200,000 sq.ft. state-of-the-art manufacturing plant in Gurugram and employ over 1250 people. Our global reach extends to South-East Asia, the Middle-East, and Africa and our offerings are constantly enriched through global and our own research & innovation center.

We believe that our key value proposition is our understanding & commitment to adhere to the highest technological standards and that our popularity is a testament to our strong manufacturing capabilities, customer-centricity, and best-in-class sustainable business practices. We are led by a young, enthusiastic and forward looking second generation management, and continue our upward trajectory with a shared vision of delivering both excellence and trust."
Government Hospi...,4.1,(124 Reviews),New Delhi + 57 more,N/A,N/A,N/A,N/A
Indigo Paints,4.0,(124 Reviews),Private,"Pune,Maharashtra + 39 more",23 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"INDIGO Paints is an innovative paint manufacturer with a focus on delivering customers with top quality paint products. With a wide variety of decorative paints, putties, primers, wood coatings, floor emulsions and more, INDIGO Paints produces more than just regular wall paints and this is what puts the brand at par with all major paint companies in India."
Career Launcher,3.8,(124 Reviews),Private,New Delhi + 30 more,27 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"CL Educate Ltd. focuses on diverse segments of education across the learners of multiple age-groups. Led by a team of highly qualified professionals, including IIT-IIM alumni, with a passion for excellence in education, CL Educate Ltd. has been focusing on shaping the lives and careers of many students during the twenty glorious years of its existence. In the past 21 years, the CL brand has diversified and established itself as a recognized brand in education sector.

At CL Educate, we 'enable individuals to realize their potential and achieve their dreams.' This is our core ideology and is firmly grounded on our focus on academic excellence, technological innovation, and domain expertise built over years. We operate across a broad spectrum of segments in the education industry, including test preparation and vocational training.

As on September 30, 2017, we had 200 test-prep centers spread across 100 cities in India. We are committed to delivering quality education to all our students across the various segments mentioned above. As part of our global expansion, we also currently have test-prep centers operational in the UAE."
Bonn group,3.9,(124 Reviews),Private,"Ludhiana,Punjab + 12 more",38 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"BONN is a quality driven FMCG Company which was founded way back in 1985 by the visionary Mr. Manjit Singh and since then has grown constantly. The company’s corporate head office is based in Ludhiana and produces a variety of food products including breads, biscuits, cakes and cookies that are not only sold in India but in the International markets too. Bonn is passionate about baking quality breads and biscuits, and is pioneer in starting production of cookies on an industrial scale in India.  

After successfully spending almost three decades in the manufacturing of breads, in the year 2004, Bonn Biscuits were launched, for which a fully Automated Online Biscuit Plant was started. Bonn caters the very best of healthy food products to discerning consumers across several Indian states. With our portfolio of iconic brands, Bonn’s is on a verge of becoming a leading premium bread and biscuit manufacturer and will continue making ‘Everyday More of a Treat’ for years to come.

A Responsible Company with Vision, an Understanding of the Consumer’s needs, Quality, Distribution, Business Acumen and above all, a constant Drive to keep bettering ourselves.

We believe that with our continued commitment to excellence in every aspect of wholesome food production and distribution, we are going to keep discovering Newer, Bigger and Bright.phper Horizons for Ourselves, our Partners, and above all, the most-valued – our Consumers."
Diamondpick,4.2,(124 Reviews),Private,"Iselin,New Jersey + 1 more",5 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Diamondpick is at the forefront of creating impact through intelligent talent acquisition interventions that are driven by technology and data, to design and build the most optimized talent supply chain systems. With our bouquet of highly innovative recruiting models, proprietary recruitment frameworks and team of best-in-class talent consultants we help our clients continuously improve their ability to hire top talent. See how at www.diamondpick.com"
Teachnook,4.1,(124 Reviews),2 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,N/A,N/A
Emerald Jewel In...,4.0,(123 Reviews),Public,"Coimbatore,Tamil Nadu + 7 more",39 years old,51-200 Employees (India),"Mr.K.Srinivasan, Managing Partner of Emerald Jewel Industry India Ltd was awarded the ‘Gem of the Year Award’ in 2011 - a special award recognizing outstanding contribution to the Jewellery Industry by All India Gems & Jewellery Trade Federation.

He is also the Managing Director of M/s.EMERALD JEWEL INDUSTRY INDIA LTD with over 26 years of tradition in Gold jewellery manufacturing, EMERALD is known for its quality consciousness, perfection, reputation and business ethics. The company has gradually transformed Gold Jewellery manufacturing from conventional methods to Technology and Talent driven one. The ultra modern factory at Coimbatore to match the International manufacturing facilities under one roof stand testimony to the group’s perseverance in this field. Products command a premium in the market for its uniqueness of design and quality workmanship. The Company provides employment to over 2900 people, which is consisting of about 23% of female employees. The company is having four production facilities in Coimbatore each one specializing in different kinds of product range and capable of handling 16 to 17 tons of Gold Jewellery manufacturing per annum in the above production facilities."
IIHT,4.4,(123 Reviews),Private,"Bangalore/Bengaluru,Karnataka + 20 more",30 years old,201-500 Employees (India),"IIHT Limited has pioneered the growth of IT and IMS training in India. Keeping focus, growth and competition in perspective, IIHT Limited has been able to set standards across its offices by adopting practices based on quality, commitment, and the zeal to make success a habit. Since its inception in the year 1992, IIHT has gradually worked towards becoming one of the top most players in the market today. With its rich experience in the IT training services sector, it has been able to set high global practices that drives it to building relationships with all those associated with it. Its customer relationship practices have earned IIHT good reputation and have enabled it to foray into other related areas thereby giving it scope to expand its customer base."
Lalitpur Power G...,4.2,(123 Reviews),Private,"Lalitpur,Uttar Pradesh + 5 more",14 years old,1k-5k Employees (India),"Lalitpur Power Generation Company Ltd, an SPV, has made a foray in developing a super critical thermal power project in Lalitpur district of Bundelkhand, UP to produce 1,980 megawatts (3 x 660 MW) of power which was successfully commissioned in March 2016.

More information on our group companies can be accessed at http://bajajgroup.org

Bajaj Power Ventures Pvt Ltd includes the Lalitpur Power Generation Co Ltd and Bajaj Energy Ltd with a total of 2,500 MW of thermal power generation. Among the top 3 private sector profitable power producers in India, with revenues are of USD 2 billion in 2016."
Rohan Motors,3.9,(123 Reviews),"Noida,Uttar Pradesh + 12 more",35 years old,201-500 Employees (India),N/A,"Customer comes first and everything we do is to meet our customer needs. To set up processes and build people who are able to work in synergy to achieve the highest level of customer satisfaction before and after sale and create a customer for lifetime.Placing customer satisfaction first, Integrating sales with service and service parts in a single convenient location, we contribute to speedy and efficient service, allowing customers to experience the convience and pleasure of owning Maruti automobile."
